
<h1>JavaScript</h1>
<h3>1. Top 10 tricky JavaScript questions that I used to ask in interviews - <a href=https://medium.com/@emma-delaney/top-10-tricky-javascript-questions-that-i-used-to-ask-in-interviews-2cb3912271a9?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------7d452d70_7e0f_4560_887a_4a32e031eb63-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Emma Delaney`** , <date>May 24</date>

<blockquote>Some tricky interview scheduling questions you will face. These questions seem easy, but there is something fishy about them. So today I’m going to show you 10 tricky questions to ask yourself before a programmer interview. 1. Given a string, reverse each word in the sentence var string = "Welcome to this Javascript Guide!";

// Output becomes !ediuG tpircsavaJ siht ot…</blockquote>

<h3>2. 10 Concepts to Improve Your Mastery of JavaScript - <a href=https://medium.com/@sodiq.akanmu001/10-concepts-to-improve-your-mastery-of-javascript-2149bce67003?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------7d452d70_7e0f_4560_887a_4a32e031eb63-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Sodiq Akanmu`** , <date>Jan 12</date>

<blockquote>JavaScript is unarguably one of the most popular programming languages in the world and is used to create interactive websites and web applications. For developers, learning JavaScript can lead to a wealth of opportunities due to its strength and versatility. In this article, we will explore 10 key concepts that…</blockquote>

<h3>3. 7 JavaScript Powerful Optimization Tricks You Need To Know - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/7-javascript-powerful-optimization-tricks-you-need-to-know-f0b5da2933de?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------7d452d70_7e0f_4560_887a_4a32e031eb63-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Rehan Pinjari`** , <date>Mar 13</date>

<blockquote>Every language has uniqueness, and JavaScript, the most widely used programming language, is no different. This blog post will discuss some JavaScript Generic Optimization tricks that will help you write better code and make sure that the following is just not your response when you come all over them: 1. Fallback Values The…</blockquote>

<h3>4. JavaScript Shorthand Techniques — Ultimate Cheat-Sheet - <a href=https://medium.com/@lokesh-prajapati/javascript-shorthand-techniques-ultimate-cheat-sheet-415d9abbe47c?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------7d452d70_7e0f_4560_887a_4a32e031eb63-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Lokesh Prajapati`** , <date>Jun 1</date>

<blockquote>You can learn a lot from this collection, so check it out✨ —  JavaScript shorthand techniques are concise ways to write code that can simplify and streamline your programming tasks. Here are some common shorthand techniques with examples: 1. Ternary Operator (Conditional Operator): The Ternary Operator, also known as the Conditional Operator, is a shorthand way of writing an if-else statement in some programming languages. It takes three…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Using Google Fonts in Next.js 13 with Tailwind CSS - <a href=https://medium.com/dev-genius/using-google-fonts-in-next-js-13-with-tailwind-css-8fe966e31a39?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------7d452d70_7e0f_4560_887a_4a32e031eb63-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `popEating`** , <date>Jun 26</date>

<blockquote>Among the new features in Next.js 13, one of the optimization one is Font optimization via next/font that can work with both local and Google Fonts, optimizing and speeding up Core Web Vitals. Optimizing: Fonts
Optimize your application's web fonts with the built-in `next/font` loaders.nextjs.org Once loaded Google Fonts (or local fonts, but in this case we will focus on the first…</blockquote>

