
<h1>JavaScript</h1>
<h3>1. Design Patterns Demystified: A Rapid 10-Minute Review - <a href=https://medium.com/@bahaarghafari/design-patterns-demystified-a-rapid-10-minute-review-5a0b41f30d1d?source=tag_page---------0-84--------------------0f6a4c20_7601_443c_b54e_7a08a775e197-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bahar Ghafari`** , <date>12 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>Design Patterns Demystified: A Rapid 10-Minutes Review from JS point of view In the world of software development, design patterns play a crucial role in solving common problems and fostering maintainable, scalable, and extensible code. In this article, we will explore 15 essential design patterns mentioned in pattern.dev, a comprehensive…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Map ,Filter and Reduce in JS - <a href=https://medium.com/@asp15299/map-filter-and-reduce-in-js-cb7c435d6f8b?source=tag_page---------1-84--------------------0f6a4c20_7601_443c_b54e_7a08a775e197-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Aniket Subhash Patil`** , <date>13 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>Map ,filter and reduce are the array methods in JS. Map The map method is used to transform the array form its existing form to new form as per specified condition. let a=[1,2,3,4];

let a1=a.map(x => x*2);
let a2=a.map(x => x*3);
let a3=a.map(x => x.toString(2)); //Convert numbers in arry to binary

console.log(a1); //[ 2…</blockquote>

<h3>3. As a programmer, how much do you know about JavaScript encryption technology? - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/as-a-programmer-how-much-do-you-know-about-javascript-encryption-technology-98dee814e49d?source=tag_page---------2-84--------------------0f6a4c20_7601_443c_b54e_7a08a775e197-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Gejiufelix`** , <date>20 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>Without data security, there is no business security. In our web development, data security is a key point. In JavaScript programming, we also need to use appropriate encryption technology to encrypt data. 1. First, let’s understand Base64 For Base64, I believe that most of my friends should be familiar with it. It is widely used…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Data Types Supported by JavaScript | The Building Blocks of JavaScript - <a href=https://medium.com/@Karthikshetty26/data-types-supported-by-javascript-the-building-blocks-of-javascript-197e34710f11?source=tag_page---------3-84--------------------0f6a4c20_7601_443c_b54e_7a08a775e197-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Karthik Shetty`** , <date>19 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>A Guide to JavaScript Data Types: Essential Knowledge for Developers to Harness the Power of JavaScript —  JavaScript supports several data types which help us manage data effectively. These are categorized into 2 types: Primitive data type Non-primitive data type Primitive data types are also known as in-built data types and all of them have their corresponding object wrapper types except null and undefined. …</blockquote>

<h3>5. JavaScript Learning Journey: From Data Types to Functions and Building Applications - <a href=https://medium.com/@khushbu.rangari/javascript-learning-journey-from-data-types-to-functions-and-building-applications-85b2b398927b?source=tag_page---------4-84--------------------0f6a4c20_7601_443c_b54e_7a08a775e197-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Khushbu Rangari`** , <date>1 day ago</date>

<blockquote>Introduction: Last week, I embarked on my JavaScript learning journey, exploring the fundamental concepts and diving into various topics. In this blog post, I will share the highlights of my learning, focusing on data types, functions, arrays, and building a simple application using random numbers. Along the way, I encountered…</blockquote>

