
<h1>Docker</h1>
<h3>1. Deploying Falcon-7B Into Production - <a href=https://medium.com/towards-data-science/deploying-falcon-7b-into-production-6dd28bb79373?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------84759416_55fa_4b05_9918_17d9a786bab1-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Het Trivedi`** , <date>2 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Running Falcon-7B in the cloud as a microservice —  Background By now, we’ve seen the capabilities of ChatGPT and what it has to offer. However, for enterprise use, closed-source models like ChatGPT may pose a risk as enterprises have no control over their data. …</blockquote>

<h3>2. Don't Install Python for Data Science. Use Docker Instead! - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/dont-install-python-for-data-science-use-docker-instead-bb61c585febc?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------84759416_55fa_4b05_9918_17d9a786bab1-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Maurício Cordeiro`** , <date>May 11</date>

<blockquote>A beginner's step-by-step guide to start using Docker Containers for Data Science development and avoid complex Python environment managers. —  Introduction Docker containers provide a lightweight and efficient way to package and deploy applications, making it easier to move them between different environments, such as development, testing, and production. However, while Docker is widely used for deployment, it has been underutilized by developers for their day-to-day work. Many developers still rely…</blockquote>

<h3>3. DevOps Project 1 - <a href=https://medium.com/@sayalishewale12/devops-project-1-e4a5c994e18a?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------84759416_55fa_4b05_9918_17d9a786bab1-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Sayali Shewale`** , <date>Apr 19</date>

<blockquote>Accelerate Your Web Application Development with a Jenkins Pipeline Triggered by GitHub Webhook Integration Project Description The project aims to automate the building, testing, and deployment process of a web application using Jenkins and GitHub. The Jenkins pipeline will be triggered automatically by GitHub webhook integration when changes are made to…</blockquote>

<h3>4. DevOps at Agoda: How we move 3 million CI jobs from VMs to Kubernetes - <a href=https://medium.com/agoda-engineering/devops-at-agoda-how-we-move-3-million-ci-pipelines-from-vms-to-kubernetes-c05a59b60fb1?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------84759416_55fa_4b05_9918_17d9a786bab1-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Agoda Engineering`** , <date>Apr 24</date>

<blockquote>Introduction At Agoda, we use GitLab in multiple critical areas, ranging from source control and CI/CD to packages and containers registry, as well as Agile planning. Our developers leverage GitLab to build and test their applications, deploy to Kubernetes, run batch jobs, and perform other functions. The CI/CD system, which powers…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Docker For the Modern Data Scientists: 6 Concepts You Can’t Ignore in 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/towards-data-science/docker-for-the-modern-data-scientists-6-concepts-you-cant-ignore-in-2023-8c9477e1f4a5?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------84759416_55fa_4b05_9918_17d9a786bab1-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bex T.`** , <date>Jun 7</date>

<blockquote>An illustrated guide to the cool, essential tool —  This is by far one of the funniest memes I’ve ever seen: It touches on one of the most painful problems not just in data science and ML but in all of programming — sharing applications/scripts and making the darn things work on others’ machines as well. While Microsoft…</blockquote>

