
<h1>ReactJS</h1>
<h3>1. Bye-bye useState & useEffect: Revolutionizing React Development! - <a href=https://medium.com/@emmanuelodii80/bye-bye-usestate-useeffect-revolutionizing-react-development-d91f95891adb?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------36933b6f_ad02_4e8e_bf7c_23df47a014ca-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Emmanuel Odii`** , <date>May 16</date>

<blockquote>Many developers continue to use the useState and useEffect hooks to update states, but I have not been fond of this approach. The issue is that it causes the component to mount, remount, and unmount simultaneously, leading to unexpected behavior. As a result, when logging something into the console, you…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Top 5 UI/Component Libraries for Building Dashboards Fast - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/top-5-ui-component-libraries-for-building-dashboards-fast-f0217bc1a9da?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------36933b6f_ad02_4e8e_bf7c_23df47a014ca-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Fernando Doglio`** , <date>Jun 16</date>

<blockquote>Learn about the best tools you’ll ever need when it comes to building your own dashboard —  Dashboards have a very distinct and standardized look and feel. You don’t expect dashboards to be unique or completely different from other dashboards. In fact, if a dashboard were to dramatically innovate on its UI/UX, users would take longer to understand them and to…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Expo SDK 49 beta is now available - <a href=https://medium.com/the-exponent-log/expo-sdk-49-beta-is-now-available-6373e78f8624?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------36933b6f_ad02_4e8e_bf7c_23df47a014ca-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Brent Vatne`** , <date>1 day ago</date>

<blockquote>Learn about the changes, how to try it out, and how to give feedback. —  The SDK 49 beta period will last approximately a week, and it is an opportunity for developers to help ensure that the new release does not introduce any regressions for their particular system and app configurations. We’re also hosting office hours for those of you interested in helping test the…</blockquote>

<h3>4. The 3 Best Monorepo Tools for 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/the-3-best-monorepo-tools-for-2023-290bd4be8f0b?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------36933b6f_ad02_4e8e_bf7c_23df47a014ca-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Fernando Doglio`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>Monorepos can be a pain, but these tools make your life a lot easier —  Managing monorepos can often be a challenging task without the right set of tools. The complexity of coordinating multiple projects within a single repository can lead to symptoms such as: Confusion and maintenance headaches for developers. Coupling of undesired components. Complexity to grow the team and the project. Deployment headaches.</blockquote>

<h3>5. Exciting React Features in 2023: A Look into the Future of Web Development - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/exciting-react-features-in-2023-a-look-into-the-future-of-web-development-440107a3129d?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------36933b6f_ad02_4e8e_bf7c_23df47a014ca-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Ievgenii Spitsyn`** , <date>Jun 13</date>

<blockquote>In the rapidly evolving world of web development, React has emerged as one of the most popular JavaScript libraries. Since its inception, React has revolutionized the way developers build user interfaces, enabling them to create powerful and interactive web applications. As we step into 2023, React continues to evolve, introducing…</blockquote>

