
<h1>Web Development</h1>
<h3>1. Awesome Python Scripts - <a href=https://medium.com/@dmitrijkumancev571/awesome-python-scripts-6711873a35c3?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------47336de9_bc7c_4c1b_a97c_c2ac7bb2eeb7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Dmitriy Kumantsev`** , <date>May 15</date>

<blockquote>Hi guys! Today I want to share with you some useful scripts for python.
I am a big fan of scripts, because they facilitate routine work, improve projects, as well as give a visual representation of the use of knowledge in practice Let’s go! 1. Convert JSON to CSV import json
if __name__ == '__main__'…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Doing much better than your .env file - <a href=https://medium.com/@tony.infisical/the-death-of-the-env-file-6d65bfc6ac5e?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------47336de9_bc7c_4c1b_a97c_c2ac7bb2eeb7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tony`** , <date>May 10</date>

<blockquote>Six months ago, I advocated for everyone to stop using .env files in favor of approaches using secret management platforms. Since then, I’ve learned and experienced much more about how to manage environment variables effectively. In this article, I argue again for why we should reduce the practice of storing…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Design Patterns: A Guide to JavaScript Development Principles for Clean and Scalable Code - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/design-patterns-a-guide-to-javascript-development-principles-for-clean-and-scalable-code-cf90771b48f2?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------47336de9_bc7c_4c1b_a97c_c2ac7bb2eeb7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Anto Semeraro`** , <date>Jun 19</date>

<blockquote>Discover the power of design patterns in javascript, and learn how to leverage them for clean, maintainable, and scalable code that stands the test of time. —  Introduction — JavaScript Design Patterns</blockquote>

<h3>4. Top 5 UI/Component Libraries for Building Dashboards Fast - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/top-5-ui-component-libraries-for-building-dashboards-fast-f0217bc1a9da?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------47336de9_bc7c_4c1b_a97c_c2ac7bb2eeb7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Fernando Doglio`** , <date>Jun 16</date>

<blockquote>Learn about the best tools you’ll ever need when it comes to building your own dashboard —  Dashboards have a very distinct and standardized look and feel. You don’t expect dashboards to be unique or completely different from other dashboards. In fact, if a dashboard were to dramatically innovate on its UI/UX, users would take longer to understand them and to…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Top 10 Best Practices To Secure Node.js Apps in Production - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/top-10-best-practices-to-secure-node-js-apps-in-production-916c69fcb43f?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------47336de9_bc7c_4c1b_a97c_c2ac7bb2eeb7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tara Prasad Routray`** , <date>Jun 4</date>

<blockquote>Learn how to safeguard your Node.js applications against malicious users and ensure the uninterrupted, seamless operation of your app. —  In today’s interconnected digital landscape, ensuring the security of web applications is of utmost importance. Node.js, with its efficient and scalable runtime environment, has become a popular choice for building server-side applications. However, as Node.js applications are deployed into production environments, they become potential targets for cyber threats and attacks…</blockquote>

