
<h1>JS & TS</h1>
<h3>1. Bye-bye useState & useEffect: Revolutionizing React Development! - <a href=https://medium.com/@emmanuelodii80/bye-bye-usestate-useeffect-revolutionizing-react-development-d91f95891adb?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------c5f11a2a_fbc2_4e97_9025_2a5fb3695755-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Emmanuel Odii`** , <date>May 16</date>

<blockquote>Many developers continue to use the useState and useEffect hooks to update states, but I have not been fond of this approach. The issue is that it causes the component to mount, remount, and unmount simultaneously, leading to unexpected behavior. …</blockquote>

<h3>2. Doing much better than your .env file - <a href=https://medium.com/@tony.infisical/the-death-of-the-env-file-6d65bfc6ac5e?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------c5f11a2a_fbc2_4e97_9025_2a5fb3695755-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tony`** , <date>May 10</date>

<blockquote>Six months ago, I advocated for everyone to stop using .env files in favor of approaches using secret management platforms. Since then, I’ve learned and experienced much more about how to manage environment variables effectively. In this article, I argue again for why we should reduce the practice of storing…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Top 10 Best Practices To Secure Node.js Apps in Production - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/top-10-best-practices-to-secure-node-js-apps-in-production-916c69fcb43f?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------c5f11a2a_fbc2_4e97_9025_2a5fb3695755-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tara Prasad Routray`** , <date>Jun 4</date>

<blockquote>Learn how to safeguard your Node.js applications against malicious users and ensure the uninterrupted, seamless operation of your app. —  In today’s interconnected digital landscape, ensuring the security of web applications is of utmost importance. Node.js, with its efficient and scalable runtime environment, has become a popular choice for building server-side applications. However, as Node.js applications are deployed into production environments, they become potential targets for cyber threats and attacks…</blockquote>

<h3>4. JavaScript’s Shorthand Syntax That Every Developer Should Know - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/javascripts-shorthand-syntax-that-every-developer-should-know-50d9d4549065?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------c5f11a2a_fbc2_4e97_9025_2a5fb3695755-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Shalitha Suranga`** , <date>3 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Make your codebases more futuristic and minimal with these techniques —  About three decades ago, every web page was static and showed the same content for all visitors. Later, web servers generated dynamic content based on the current user via an early server-side web development concept called CGI (Common Gateway Interface). The invention of JavaScript initially helped programmers to make their…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Top 8 Algorithms Every Programmer Should Know 💯 - <a href=https://medium.com/python-in-plain-english/top-8-algorithms-every-programmer-should-know-93c826267938?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------c5f11a2a_fbc2_4e97_9025_2a5fb3695755-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Abdulazeez Sherif`** , <date>Jan 24</date>

<blockquote>In programming, an algorithm is a set of instructions or a procedure for solving a specific problem or achieving a specific task. Algorithms can be expressed in any programming language and can be as simple as a sequence of basic operations or as complex as a multi-step process involving different…</blockquote>

