
<h1>Technology</h1>
<h3>1. I Tried 100 AI Tools. These Are The Best - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/i-tried-100-ai-tools-these-are-the-best-67e2fcef98b2?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------c034d318_7bfd_4196_8a75_d446fdab69c4-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `The PyCoach`** , <date>Jun 22</date>

<blockquote>Best AI tools for generating text, speech, video, image, notes, apps, and more! —  Since ChatGPT was released, I’ve been trying many AI tools for different purposes. In this article, I’ll share with you what I think are the best AI tools. I’ll leave a small review of each tool as well as links to complete guides to know more about them. Here are…</blockquote>

<h3>2. I Used ChatGPT (Every Day) for 5 Months. Here Are Some Hidden Gems That Will Change Your Life - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/i-used-chatgpt-every-day-for-5-months-here-are-some-hidden-gems-that-will-change-your-life-a451e2093097?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------c034d318_7bfd_4196_8a75_d446fdab69c4-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Diana Dovgopol`** , <date>May 3</date>

<blockquote>Transform your life with these ChatGPT’s hidden gems. —  As ChatGPT gains more popularity, many have become accustomed to its standard functions and are using ChatGPT in various ways. However, what many don’t realize is that this AI has a bunch of advanced capabilities beyond just writing texts and code. ChatGPT has many features that can be applied to…</blockquote>

<h3>3. 10 Hottest New Apps to Stay Ahead of the Tech Curve - <a href=https://medium.com/curiosity-ai/10-hottest-new-apps-to-stay-ahead-of-the-tech-curve-596f8dc160bc?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------c034d318_7bfd_4196_8a75_d446fdab69c4-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Leon Zucchini`** , <date>Jun 12</date>

<blockquote>Meet the 10 most upvoted apps in May — via ProductHunt. —  In the past months, we’ve seen a remarkable shift in the app development scene, all thanks to the impressive advancements in AI tech. But that’s not all; there’s another trend that’s been following AI side-by-side: no-code apps. More and more user-friendly creations are breaking down barriers and allowing individuals to…</blockquote>

<h3>4. An Unexpected Ally In Dementia Prevention: Shingles Vaccination - <a href=https://medium.com/microbial-instincts/an-unexpected-ally-in-dementia-prevention-shingles-vaccination-3d17e3da055f?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------c034d318_7bfd_4196_8a75_d446fdab69c4-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Shin Jie Yong`** , <date>Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>The strongest causal evidence yet from a ‘natural experiment’ study. —  I did a joint BSc(Hons) degree in biology-psychology and then an MSc in life sciences (major in neuroscience). I believe I went through over 50 textbooks throughout my student years. (Yes, I was a study freak.) But nowhere in the textbooks did I ever come across the theory that infections…</blockquote>

<h3>5. AI “Model Collapse” Shows Why Real Human Expression Is So Powerful - <a href=https://medium.com/@clivethompson/ai-model-collapse-shows-why-real-human-expression-is-so-powerful-e2c83fe817f6?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------c034d318_7bfd_4196_8a75_d446fdab69c4-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Clive Thompson`** , <date>5 days ago</date>

<blockquote>AI needs the real words of real people —  I’m seeing more and more AI-generated text online. Even here on Medium, in fact! In the last few months, I’ve noticed comments on my posts that seem oddly …. off. They’re grammatically correct, but existentially rather alien. They usually a) blandly praise my post (“this is great”) and then b)…</blockquote>

