
<h1>Android</h1>
<h3>1. A flexible, modern Android app architecture: complete step-by-step - <a href=https://medium.com/proandroiddev/a-flexible-modern-android-app-architecture-complete-step-by-step-d76901e29993?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------45609ff7_b1e2_411e_ae74_27eb2d07c83f-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tom Colvin`** , <date>4 days ago</date>

<blockquote>I wrote recently about the theory behind good Android app architecture. It ended up being my most popular article of all time, and many people were kind enough to say it had helped them. One of the most common queries was, but what about X? That doesn’t really fit the…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Android Data Repository — A simple pattern that we often misunderstand - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/android-data-repository-a-simple-pattern-that-we-often-misunderstand-6a6fb13b5a81?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------45609ff7_b1e2_411e_ae74_27eb2d07c83f-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Marcin Piekielny`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>Scaling Android Architecture #5 —  If you develop Android applications, then I’m pretty sure that you have some sort of Repository classes in your codebase. This pattern has been with us for quite a long time. It is strongly promoted by Google itself as a main building block of the Data Layer in their guide…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Android Studio Live Code Templates to Save Your Time Coding - <a href=https://medium.com/proandroiddev/android-studio-live-code-templates-to-save-your-time-coding-ff230495bf80?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------45609ff7_b1e2_411e_ae74_27eb2d07c83f-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tomáš Repčík`** , <date>4 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Please do not waste your time by repeating the same code patterns and spend it creating the apps. —  Android Studio (and any other IDE developed by JetBrains) provides multiple handy auto-complete shortcuts to fill the declarations, method calls, etc. Some of them are for the keywords in Kotlin / Android specific. Avoid repeating some actions just because you avoid using the context helper in IDE. IDE is here…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Performance With Jetpack Compose — Part 1 - <a href=https://medium.com/proandroiddev/performance-with-jetpack-compose-part-1-4867882949e7?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------45609ff7_b1e2_411e_ae74_27eb2d07c83f-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Udit Verma`** , <date>Jun 26</date>

<blockquote>Part 2 of this blog post series can be accessed here. Jetpack Compose is a modern UI toolkit for building native Android apps using Kotlin. It provides a declarative approach to building user interfaces, allowing developers to easily create and manage UI components. It's fairly new but still looks very…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Kotlin Multiplatform, Compose Multiplatform: Apple’s Strategic Failure - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/kmp-cm-apples-strategic-failure-cb758c24f824?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------45609ff7_b1e2_411e_ae74_27eb2d07c83f-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Michael Long`** , <date>Updated Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>If Apple will not lead, then someone else will do so. —  “The Kotlin Multiplatform technology is designed to simplify the development of cross-platform projects. It reduces time spent writing and maintaining the same code for different platforms while retaining the flexibility and benefits of native programming.” ~ Kotlin.org It’s the Holy Grail of mobile application developers — and management — everywhere.</blockquote>

