
<h1>Programming</h1>
<h3>1. GPT-Engineer: Generate an Entire Codebase with 1 Prompt! - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/gpt-engineer-generate-an-entire-codebase-with-1-prompt-7e98ca368410?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------d3963cc7_1f02_4f14_a7e9_8710ab36a2c7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `The PyCoach`** , <date>Jun 20</date>

<blockquote>Think of a project. Type a prompt. Get all the files generated in seconds! —  We’ve seen how ChatGPT can generate code for us. Then we’ve seen how Auto-GPT could make GPT-4 fully autonomous. And now we can build entire apps with one prompt with GPT-Engineer. How does it work? Simple, you only have to describe your project and GPT-Engineer will build it for you. …</blockquote>

<h3>2. Forget PIP, Conda, and requirements.txt! Use Poetry Instead And Thank Me Later - <a href=https://medium.com/towards-artificial-intelligence/forget-pip-conda-requirements-txt-use-poetry-instead-and-thank-me-later-226a0bc38a56?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------d3963cc7_1f02_4f14_a7e9_8710ab36a2c7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bex T.`** , <date>Jun 24</date>

<blockquote>Pain-free dependency management is finally here —  Library A requires Python 3.6. Library B relies on Library A but needs Python 3.9, and Library C depends on Library B but requires the specific version of Library A that is compatible with Python 3.6. Welcome to dependency hell! Since native Python is rubbish without external packages for data…</blockquote>

<h3>3. 19 Most Elegant Sklearn Tricks I Found After 3 Years of Use - <a href=https://medium.com/towards-artificial-intelligence/19-most-elegant-sklearn-tricks-i-found-after-3-years-of-use-5bda439fa506?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------d3963cc7_1f02_4f14_a7e9_8710ab36a2c7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bex T.`** , <date>Jun 16</date>

<blockquote>Advanced techniques and hidden gems for effective machine learning —  Learn about 19 Sklearn features you have never seen that are direct and elegant replacements to common operations you do manually. Introduction After three years of use and by looking at the API reference of Sklearn, I have realized that the most commonly used models and functions are only a thin…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Awesome Python Scripts - <a href=https://medium.com/@dmitrijkumancev571/awesome-python-scripts-6711873a35c3?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------d3963cc7_1f02_4f14_a7e9_8710ab36a2c7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Dmitriy Kumantsev`** , <date>May 15</date>

<blockquote>Hi guys! Today I want to share with you some useful scripts for python.
I am a big fan of scripts, because they facilitate routine work, improve projects, as well as give a visual representation of the use of knowledge in practice Let’s go! 1. Convert JSON to CSV import json
if __name__ == '__main__'…</blockquote>

<h3>5. What’s Wrong With OpenAPI? - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/whats-wrong-with-openapi-771e67e2bf6f?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------d3963cc7_1f02_4f14_a7e9_8710ab36a2c7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Konstantin Malyshev`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>How we struggled with API documentation on our projects and went a bit crazy —  Are you happy with API documentation in your company? Almost certainly not. We weren’t by a long shot. We won’t go into the sad consequences of error-filled, outdated or non-existent API documentation, but why is this seemingly easy-to-solve issue such a big problem on so many projects? The reason is…</blockquote>

