
<h1>Programming</h1>
<h3>1. To Be A Great Software Developer — You Need a System - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/to-be-a-great-software-developer-you-need-a-system-d4f461658743?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------3b19fb1f_9fec_4166_a6d3_532600c32f42-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Julie Perilla Garcia`** , <date>Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>Software Engineers are expected to churn out work quickly in this fast-paced development world. And let’s be frank. There is a lot of competition out there these days. We have to make ourselves stand out. One way to do that is to churn out high-quality work. One way to consistently…</blockquote>

<h3>2. [Guide] — Setting up a VSCode that’s so good that you work overtime just so you can keep typing - <a href=https://medium.com/@quackquackquack/guide-setting-up-a-vscode-thats-so-good-that-you-work-overtime-just-so-you-can-keep-typing-11f85e58ee71?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------3b19fb1f_9fec_4166_a6d3_532600c32f42-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Quack Quack`** , <date>May 29</date>

<blockquote>The other day I’m casually scrolling through LinkedIn, minding my own business, when I stumble upon this post. This dude’s showing off his work, and I gotta say, it’s pretty impressive. But then, out of nowhere, this random guy drops a comment saying, ‘Your vscode look unprofessional.’ Say what? UnPr0FesSi0naL…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Scraper: ChatGPT Plugin That Scrapes Websites with 1 Prompt - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/scraper-chatgpt-plugin-to-scrape-websites-with-1-prompt-56296e701edb?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------3b19fb1f_9fec_4166_a6d3_532600c32f42-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `The PyCoach`** , <date>Jun 27</date>

<blockquote>Scraping websites has never been easier! —  I recently found a ChatGPT plugin that helps us scrape websites in seconds (and immediately added it to my list of best ChatGPT plugins). The name of this plugin is Scraper and you only need to create a prompt specifying the link of the target website and the data you…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Forget PIP, Conda, and requirements.txt! Use Poetry Instead And Thank Me Later - <a href=https://medium.com/towards-artificial-intelligence/forget-pip-conda-requirements-txt-use-poetry-instead-and-thank-me-later-226a0bc38a56?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------3b19fb1f_9fec_4166_a6d3_532600c32f42-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bex T.`** , <date>Jun 24</date>

<blockquote>Pain-free dependency management is finally here —  Library A requires Python 3.6. Library B relies on Library A but needs Python 3.9, and Library C depends on Library B but requires the specific version of Library A that is compatible with Python 3.6. Welcome to dependency hell! Since native Python is rubbish without external packages for data…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Five Python Decorators That Can Reduce Your Code By Half - <a href=https://medium.com/python-in-plain-english/five-python-wrappers-that-can-reduce-your-code-by-half-af775feb1d5?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------3b19fb1f_9fec_4166_a6d3_532600c32f42-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Serop Baghdadlian`** , <date>May 29</date>

<blockquote>Upgrade your Python game by using these wrappers for maximum efficiency and readability. —  Python is by far my favorite programming language due to its simple syntax and powerful application in various domains such as machine learning and web development. Although I’ve been coding for over five years, decorators were seldom on my radar unless absolutely necessary, like employing the @staticmethod decorator to denote…</blockquote>

