
<h1>Technology</h1>
<h3>1. I Tried 100 AI Tools. These Are The Best - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/i-tried-100-ai-tools-these-are-the-best-67e2fcef98b2?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------327d03e1_aa14_4f47_9a87_4699f1bf1db6-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `The PyCoach`** , <date>6 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Best AI tools for generating text, speech, video, image, notes, apps, and more! —  Since ChatGPT was released, I’ve been trying many AI tools for different purposes. In this article, I’ll share with you what I think are the best AI tools. I’ll leave a small review of each tool as well as links to complete guides to know more about them. Here are…</blockquote>

<h3>2. 10 Hottest New Apps to Stay Ahead of the Tech Curve - <a href=https://medium.com/curiosity-ai/10-hottest-new-apps-to-stay-ahead-of-the-tech-curve-596f8dc160bc?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------327d03e1_aa14_4f47_9a87_4699f1bf1db6-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Leon Zucchini`** , <date>Jun 12</date>

<blockquote>Meet the 10 most upvoted apps in May — via ProductHunt. —  In the past months, we’ve seen a remarkable shift in the app development scene, all thanks to the impressive advancements in AI tech. But that’s not all; there’s another trend that’s been following AI side-by-side: no-code apps. More and more user-friendly creations are breaking down barriers and allowing individuals to…</blockquote>

<h3>3. I Used ChatGPT (Every Day) for 5 Months. Here Are Some Hidden Gems That Will Change Your Life - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/i-used-chatgpt-every-day-for-5-months-here-are-some-hidden-gems-that-will-change-your-life-a451e2093097?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------327d03e1_aa14_4f47_9a87_4699f1bf1db6-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Diana Dovgopol`** , <date>May 3</date>

<blockquote>Transform your life with these ChatGPT’s hidden gems. —  As ChatGPT gains more popularity, many have become accustomed to its standard functions and are using ChatGPT in various ways. However, what many don’t realize is that this AI has a bunch of advanced capabilities beyond just writing texts and code. ChatGPT has many features that can be applied to…</blockquote>

<h3>4. A 20-year-experienced CTO’s Advice “Don’t Be a Humble Developer” - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/a-20-year-experienced-ctos-advice-don-t-be-a-humble-developer-919973e8ca5?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------327d03e1_aa14_4f47_9a87_4699f1bf1db6-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `The woman`** , <date>Jun 12</date>

<blockquote>I think 90% of the developers are victims of their modesty!! —  I was scrolling reels on Instagram. Then a nice and funny video came to my feed. In that reel, An spiritual coach(guru) called Sadhguru made a funny but thoughtful joke. Before talking further, I need to say… I am not a follower or fan of his, but I like some…</blockquote>

<h3>5. NASA: Warning Issued for Internet Apocalypse Incoming!! Leaving People without Internet for Months - <a href=https://medium.com/lessons-from-history/nasa-warning-issued-for-internet-apocalypse-incoming-leaving-people-without-internet-for-months-5cce794d7f54?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------327d03e1_aa14_4f47_9a87_4699f1bf1db6-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Paradoxon`** , <date>Jun 16</date>

<blockquote>Let’s see what NASA and historians have to say about this rising challenge. —  NASA’s Parker Solar Probe (PSP) has embarked on an extraordinary mission, venturing closer to the sun than any spacecraft before it. Its groundbreaking journey through the solar wind has unveiled vital insights into the sun’s inner workings. However, the significance of this mission extends far beyond scientific curiosity. Startling warnings…</blockquote>

