
<h1>App Development</h1>
<h3>1. Offline First Approach With Flutter - <a href=https://medium.com/arkitek-r-d/offline-first-approach-with-flutter-ace2843d36d8?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------6e92f6ff_d878_47b9_a678_898c7e3966f3-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tugba Çekirge`** , <date>Jun 14</date>

<blockquote>Hello! My name is Tugba; I am acting as a software development team lead at Arkitek R&D. In Arkitek, we are building mobile, desktop, and web applications using technologies such as VueJS, Flutter, and C#. Since 2021, we have been developing our web/mobile projects in Flutter, and needless to say…</blockquote>

<h3>2. 5 Best Mobile App Ideas For Startups To Launch In 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/@innow8apps/5-best-mobile-app-ideas-for-startups-to-launch-in-2023-42dfcdb8dca5?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------6e92f6ff_d878_47b9_a678_898c7e3966f3-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Innow8apps`** , <date>Apr 25</date>

<blockquote>Numerous business possibilities have recently been available to entrepreneurs all around the world thanks to the development of technology. Due to the rising popularity of mobile applications, company owners are continuously looking for innovative ways to improve their operations. Mobile apps provide several creative options for addressing customer requirements in…</blockquote>

<h3>3. The Key to Performance: Replacing useEffect with Key Changes in React (No, Seriously) - <a href=https://medium.com/@Blochware/the-key-to-performance-replacing-useeffect-with-key-changes-in-react-no-seriously-d1b83ec6dc29?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------6e92f6ff_d878_47b9_a678_898c7e3966f3-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Harry Bloch`** , <date>Apr 30</date>

<blockquote>Hi React enthusiasts! Today, we’re going to talk about a slightly controversial topic: replacing useEffect by changing the key in your React components. I know what you're thinking – "What? That's madness!" – but bear with me, and you'll see there's some method to this madness. …</blockquote>

<h3>4. The New Expo CLI - <a href=https://medium.com/the-exponent-log/the-new-expo-cli-f4250d8e3421?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------6e92f6ff_d878_47b9_a678_898c7e3966f3-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Evan Bacon`** , <date>Aug 11, 2022</date>

<blockquote>In Expo SDK 46 we introduced a new “Local Expo CLI”, to replace the “Global Expo CLI” (npm i -g expo-cli). Unlike the global CLI, the local CLI is installed in every project and stays versioned with the runtime code — meaning projects are easier to set up, stay working…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Flutter + S.O.L.I.D for high-quality mobile apps - <a href=https://medium.com/@maleksouissi751/flutter-s-o-l-i-d-for-high-quality-mobile-apps-fdcb04109c94?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------6e92f6ff_d878_47b9_a678_898c7e3966f3-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Maleksouissi`** , <date>Mar 31</date>

<blockquote>SOLID is a set of design principles for creating maintainable and scalable software. These principles help ensure that software is flexible, easy to modify, and resistant to bugs and errors. They are widely used in software development, and have been shown to improve code quality and reduce development time. When…</blockquote>

