
<h1>App Development</h1>
<h3>1. Offline First Approach With Flutter - <a href=https://medium.com/arkitek-r-d/offline-first-approach-with-flutter-ace2843d36d8?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------b902a200_38a6_4873_baba_649323058449-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tugba Çekirge`** , <date>Jun 14</date>

<blockquote>Hello! My name is Tugba; I am acting as a software development team lead at Arkitek R&D. In Arkitek, we are building mobile, desktop, and web applications using technologies such as VueJS, Flutter, and C#. Since 2021, we have been developing our web/mobile projects in Flutter, and needless to say…</blockquote>

<h3>2. 5 Best Mobile App Ideas For Startups To Launch In 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/@innow8apps/5-best-mobile-app-ideas-for-startups-to-launch-in-2023-42dfcdb8dca5?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------b902a200_38a6_4873_baba_649323058449-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Innow8apps`** , <date>Apr 25</date>

<blockquote>Numerous business possibilities have recently been available to entrepreneurs all around the world thanks to the development of technology. Due to the rising popularity of mobile applications, company owners are continuously looking for innovative ways to improve their operations. Mobile apps provide several creative options for addressing customer requirements in…</blockquote>

<h3>3. The Key to Performance: Replacing useEffect with Key Changes in React (No, Seriously) - <a href=https://medium.com/@Blochware/the-key-to-performance-replacing-useeffect-with-key-changes-in-react-no-seriously-d1b83ec6dc29?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------b902a200_38a6_4873_baba_649323058449-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Harry Bloch`** , <date>Apr 30</date>

<blockquote>Hi React enthusiasts! Today, we’re going to talk about a slightly controversial topic: replacing useEffect by changing the key in your React components. I know what you're thinking – "What? That's madness!" – but bear with me, and you'll see there's some method to this madness. Be sure too Follow…</blockquote>

<h3>4. The New Expo CLI - <a href=https://medium.com/the-exponent-log/the-new-expo-cli-f4250d8e3421?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------b902a200_38a6_4873_baba_649323058449-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Evan Bacon`** , <date>Aug 11, 2022</date>

<blockquote>In Expo SDK 46 we introduced a new “Local Expo CLI”, to replace the “Global Expo CLI” (npm i -g expo-cli). Unlike the global CLI, the local CLI is installed in every project and stays versioned with the runtime code — meaning projects are easier to set up, stay working…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Steps to ensure security of your Flutter app - <a href=https://medium.com/@suryamouly/steps-to-insure-security-of-your-flutter-app-b2a8c6bae788?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------b902a200_38a6_4873_baba_649323058449-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Surya Mouly`** , <date>May 7</date>

<blockquote>Getting an app secured is crucial prior to delivering it into production Despite the fact that Flutter apps have gained a lot of popularity in recent years, certain security risks threaten app security. In the absence of adequate security measures, Flutter applications may expose sensitive data. Reverse engineering is among…</blockquote>

