
<h1>Devops</h1>
<h3>1. Day 23 : Jenkins Freestyle Project for DevOps Engineers. - <a href=https://medium.com/@radheyzunjur77/day-23-jenkins-freestyle-project-for-devops-engineers-817b674cf75a?source=tag_page---------0-84--------------------75fba44c_36c4_4522_9637_6933165aac63-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Radheya Zunjur`** , <date>8 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>The Community is absolutely crushing it in the #90daysofdevops journey. Today’s challenge is particularly exciting as it entails creating a Jenkins Freestyle Project, an opportunity for DevOps engineers to showcase their skills and push their limits. Who’s ready to dive in and make it happen? 😍 What is CI/CD? ⦁ CI or Continuous…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Creating end to end GitOps pipeline On OpenShift using ArgoCD and Tekton - <a href=https://medium.com/@s4saif.121/creating-end-to-end-gitops-pipeline-on-openshift-using-argocd-and-tekton-aa14166281e2?source=tag_page---------1-84--------------------75fba44c_36c4_4522_9637_6933165aac63-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Saif Rehman`** , <date>1 day ago</date>

<blockquote>Step by step guide on creating a end to end DevOps pipeline on OpenShift using ArgoCD and Tekton What is Tekton? In the realm of cloud-native development, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD) have become critical components for building, testing, and deploying applications seamlessly. With the rise of Kubernetes and containerization, developers need…</blockquote>

<h3>3. CueLang: a better alternative for Kubernetes manifests - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/cuelang-a-better-alternative-for-kubernetes-manifests-bcfed84dbafc?source=tag_page---------2-84--------------------75fba44c_36c4_4522_9637_6933165aac63-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Giuseppe Santoro`** , <date>4 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>Is CUE language a better alternative to YAML not just for Kubernetes? Meaning of the photo According to Wikipedia: A cue stick (or simply cue, more specifically billiards cue, pool cue, or snooker cue) is an item of sporting equipment essential to the games of pool, snooker and carom billiards Is the tooling for YAML enough? How is it possible…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Choosing the Right Git Branching Strategy: A Comparative Analysis - <a href=https://medium.com/@sreekanth.thummala/choosing-the-right-git-branching-strategy-a-comparative-analysis-f5e635443423?source=tag_page---------3-84--------------------75fba44c_36c4_4522_9637_6933165aac63-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Sreekanth Thummala`** , <date>7 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>Effective branch management is crucial for successful collaboration and efficient development with Git. In this article, we will explore four popular branching strategies — Git-Flow, GitHub-Flow, GitLab-Flow, and Trunk Based Development. By understanding their pros, cons, and ideal use cases, you can determine the most suitable approach for your project. …</blockquote>

<h3>5. Why BDD sucks in practice - <a href=https://medium.com/@dsayling/why-bdd-sucks-in-practice-ea42266fdfa0?source=tag_page---------4-84--------------------75fba44c_36c4_4522_9637_6933165aac63-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Drew Ayling`** , <date>9 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>A few years in the BDD trenches taught me why BDD is just about impractical —  To the uninitiated, Behavior-Driven Development (BDD) is a software development methodology that emphasizes collaboration between developers, testers, and business stakeholders to ensure that software products are delivered as per business requirements. When implementing BDD, it is crucial to establish a common language that all parties involved in the development process…</blockquote>

