
<h1>ReactJS</h1>
<h3>1. Bye-bye useState & useEffect: Revolutionizing React Development! - <a href=https://medium.com/@emmanuelodii80/bye-bye-usestate-useeffect-revolutionizing-react-development-d91f95891adb?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------adc17be0_bedf_4dad_a17d_c56157c6028b-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Emmanuel Odii`** , <date>May 16</date>

<blockquote>Many developers continue to use the useState and useEffect hooks to update states, but I have not been fond of this approach. The issue is that it causes the component to mount, remount, and unmount simultaneously, leading to unexpected behavior. As a result, when logging something into the console, you…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Expo SDK 49 beta is now available - <a href=https://medium.com/the-exponent-log/expo-sdk-49-beta-is-now-available-6373e78f8624?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------adc17be0_bedf_4dad_a17d_c56157c6028b-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Brent Vatne`** , <date>5 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Learn about the changes, how to try it out, and how to give feedback. —  The SDK 49 beta period will last approximately a week, and it is an opportunity for developers to help ensure that the new release does not introduce any regressions for their particular system and app configurations. We’re also hosting office hours for those of you interested in helping test the…</blockquote>

<h3>3. 25 Killer JavaScript One-Liners That’ll Make You Look Like a Pro - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/25-killer-javascript-one-liners-thatll-make-you-look-like-a-pro-d43f08529404?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------adc17be0_bedf_4dad_a17d_c56157c6028b-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `fatfish`** , <date>Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>A list of one-liners you should know to up your knowledge of JavaScript. 1.# Copy content to the clipboard In order to improve the user experience of the website, we often need to copy the content to the clipboard, so that users can paste it to the designated place. const copyToClipboard = (content) => navigator.clipboard.writeText(content)

copyToClipboard("Hello fatfish")…</blockquote>

<h3>4. The 3 Best Monorepo Tools for 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/the-3-best-monorepo-tools-for-2023-290bd4be8f0b?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------adc17be0_bedf_4dad_a17d_c56157c6028b-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Fernando Doglio`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>Monorepos can be a pain, but these tools make your life a lot easier —  Managing monorepos can often be a challenging task without the right set of tools. The complexity of coordinating multiple projects within a single repository can lead to symptoms such as: Confusion and maintenance headaches for developers. Coupling of undesired components. Complexity to grow the team and the project. Deployment headaches.</blockquote>

<h3>5. Libraries You Should Know As A React Developer 💯🔥 - <a href=https://medium.com/@Harshit_Raj_14/libraries-you-should-know-as-a-react-developer-ba04c35e45d4?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------adc17be0_bedf_4dad_a17d_c56157c6028b-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Harshit Raj`** , <date>Apr 7</date>

<blockquote>Are you a React developer looking for ways to enhance your React app development? Look no further than these seven React libraries that can help you take your app to the next level! …</blockquote>

