
<h1>Web Development</h1>
<h3>1. Awesome Python Scripts - <a href=https://medium.com/@dmitrijkumancev571/awesome-python-scripts-6711873a35c3?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------b7f8275e_eab5_42ca_a794_8b7a1b39439d-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Dmitriy Kumantsev`** , <date>May 15</date>

<blockquote>Hi guys! Today I want to share with you some useful scripts for python.
I am a big fan of scripts, because they facilitate routine work, improve projects, as well as give a visual representation of the use of knowledge in practice Let’s go! 1. Convert JSON to CSV import json
if __name__ == '__main__'…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Doing much better than your .env file - <a href=https://medium.com/@tony.infisical/the-death-of-the-env-file-6d65bfc6ac5e?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------b7f8275e_eab5_42ca_a794_8b7a1b39439d-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tony`** , <date>May 10</date>

<blockquote>Six months ago, I advocated for everyone to stop using .env files in favor of approaches using secret management platforms. Since then, I’ve learned and experienced much more about how to manage environment variables effectively. In this article, I argue again for why we should reduce the practice of storing…</blockquote>

<h3>3. JavaScript’s Shorthand Syntax That Every Developer Should Know - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/javascripts-shorthand-syntax-that-every-developer-should-know-50d9d4549065?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------b7f8275e_eab5_42ca_a794_8b7a1b39439d-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Shalitha Suranga`** , <date>5 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Make your codebases more futuristic and minimal with these techniques —  About three decades ago, every web page was static and showed the same content for all visitors. Later, web servers generated dynamic content based on the current user via an early server-side web development concept called CGI (Common Gateway Interface). The invention of JavaScript initially helped programmers to make their…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Expo SDK 49 beta is now available - <a href=https://medium.com/the-exponent-log/expo-sdk-49-beta-is-now-available-6373e78f8624?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------b7f8275e_eab5_42ca_a794_8b7a1b39439d-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Brent Vatne`** , <date>4 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Learn about the changes, how to try it out, and how to give feedback. —  The SDK 49 beta period will last approximately a week, and it is an opportunity for developers to help ensure that the new release does not introduce any regressions for their particular system and app configurations. We’re also hosting office hours for those of you interested in helping test the…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Your Ultimate FullStack Developer Roadmap: Step-by-Step Guide 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/@ballerbytes/your-ultimate-fullstack-developer-roadmap-step-by-step-guide-2023-b1e610621158?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------b7f8275e_eab5_42ca_a794_8b7a1b39439d-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `YOGESH SINGH MALIK`** , <date>Apr 20</date>

<blockquote>Becoming a fullstack developer requires mastering both frontend and backend web development. Fullstack developers create web applications from start to finish, including designing, developing, testing, and maintaining them. In this step-by-step guide, we will cover the skills, tools, and technologies needed to become a fullstack developer. Table of Contents: What is a Fullstack…</blockquote>

