
<h1>Web Development</h1>
<h3>1. Awesome Python Scripts - <a href=https://medium.com/@dmitrijkumancev571/awesome-python-scripts-6711873a35c3?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------08676abe_d56e_4ee4_a49b_9bd3fd7158d3-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Dmitriy Kumantsev`** , <date>May 15</date>

<blockquote>Hi guys! Today I want to share with you some useful scripts for python.
I am a big fan of scripts, because they facilitate routine work, improve projects, as well as give a visual representation of the use of knowledge in practice Let’s go! 1. Convert JSON to CSV import json
if __name__ == '__main__'…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Doing much better than your .env file - <a href=https://medium.com/@tony.infisical/the-death-of-the-env-file-6d65bfc6ac5e?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------08676abe_d56e_4ee4_a49b_9bd3fd7158d3-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tony`** , <date>May 10</date>

<blockquote>Six months ago, I advocated for everyone to stop using .env files in favor of approaches using secret management platforms. Since then, I’ve learned and experienced much more about how to manage environment variables effectively. In this article, I argue again for why we should reduce the practice of storing…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Expo SDK 49 beta is now available - <a href=https://medium.com/the-exponent-log/expo-sdk-49-beta-is-now-available-6373e78f8624?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------08676abe_d56e_4ee4_a49b_9bd3fd7158d3-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Brent Vatne`** , <date>3 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Learn about the changes, how to try it out, and how to give feedback. —  The SDK 49 beta period will last approximately a week, and it is an opportunity for developers to help ensure that the new release does not introduce any regressions for their particular system and app configurations. We’re also hosting office hours for those of you interested in helping test the…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Top 5 UI/Component Libraries for Building Dashboards Fast - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/top-5-ui-component-libraries-for-building-dashboards-fast-f0217bc1a9da?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------08676abe_d56e_4ee4_a49b_9bd3fd7158d3-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Fernando Doglio`** , <date>Jun 16</date>

<blockquote>Learn about the best tools you’ll ever need when it comes to building your own dashboard —  Dashboards have a very distinct and standardized look and feel. You don’t expect dashboards to be unique or completely different from other dashboards. In fact, if a dashboard were to dramatically innovate on its UI/UX, users would take longer to understand them and to…</blockquote>

<h3>5. The 3 Best Monorepo Tools for 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/the-3-best-monorepo-tools-for-2023-290bd4be8f0b?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------08676abe_d56e_4ee4_a49b_9bd3fd7158d3-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Fernando Doglio`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>Monorepos can be a pain, but these tools make your life a lot easier —  Managing monorepos can often be a challenging task without the right set of tools. The complexity of coordinating multiple projects within a single repository can lead to symptoms such as: Confusion and maintenance headaches for developers. Coupling of undesired components. Complexity to grow the team and the project. Deployment headaches.</blockquote>

