
<h1>Relationships</h1>
<h3>1. How To Make Friends As An Adult - <a href=https://medium.com/better-humans/how-to-make-friends-as-an-adult-77714f99fbbb?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------c1ff4a34_5198_4924_a804_bdc94f3c7935-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `James Garrett, Writer & Neuroscience Entrepreneur`** , <date>Jun 16</date>

<blockquote>What I learned from introducing myself to a stranger every day for a month —  When I knocked on Dave’s* door — my next-door office neighbor who I hadn’t spoken to in the three months since he moved in — I could see the look in his eyes. It was that predictably awkward moment when he was trying to figure out why some random stranger…</blockquote>

<h3>2. 4 Mental Habits that Cause Low Self-Esteem - <a href=https://medium.com/@nickwignall/4-mental-habits-that-cause-low-self-esteem-4f27f78778b3?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------c1ff4a34_5198_4924_a804_bdc94f3c7935-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nick Wignall`** , <date>Jun 19</date>

<blockquote>#2: Worry about the future —  Most people assume that they need to understand the origins of their low self-esteem to improve it. And while it’s true that unpacking the original cause of your low self-esteem can be helpful to an extent, the more important insight is this: Whatever caused your low self-esteem in the past…</blockquote>

<h3>3. How My Husband’s Sexuality Defined Our Marriage - <a href=https://medium.com/@toni.becerra/how-my-husbands-sexuality-defined-our-marriage-abbc2c90e451?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------c1ff4a34_5198_4924_a804_bdc94f3c7935-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Unbecoming`** , <date>May 17</date>

<blockquote>And the lies I told myself “Ya, I’d do Taylor, but not Dave. He’s just not attractive. He has that neck thing.” This was my ex-husband’s observation while we sat on his landlord’s couch watching an old Foo Fighters concert. That had become our new-but-exactly-like-our-old routine. I went over to…</blockquote>

<h3>4. 3 Habits That Will Make You Mentally Strong - <a href=https://medium.com/@nickwignall/3-habits-that-will-make-you-mentally-strong-4f7e95419a88?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------c1ff4a34_5198_4924_a804_bdc94f3c7935-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nick Wignall`** , <date>Apr 2</date>

<blockquote>#2: Avoid unnecessary mental time travel —  Here’s how I think about mental strength: Mental strength is the ability to control your mind instead of being controlled by it. For example: Instead of getting sucked into spirals of self-criticism and shame, mental strength is what allows you to redirect your attention and thinking somewhere else less destructive…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Moral Bankruptcy Due to the Hidden Cost of Privilege - <a href=https://medium.com/our-human-family/moral-bankruptcy-due-to-the-hidden-cost-of-privilege-7764022a71d7?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------c1ff4a34_5198_4924_a804_bdc94f3c7935-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Walter Rhein`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>A lesson my daughter taught me out on the lake —  I’m fortunate to be the father of two compassionate daughters who often take time out of their busy schedules to teach me important life lessons. On one occasion, we were out on the lake riding a stand-up paddleboard. Rather than stand, I prefer to sit on the board and propel…</blockquote>

