
<h1>Web Views</h1>
<h3>1. Unlocking the Impossible: Search Keywords Within WebView in React Native - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/unlocking-the-impossible-search-keywords-within-webview-in-react-native-6d91c8f57aba?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------7bf2fe97_6389_4e97_90a1_b22959661f14-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Rushit Jivani`** , <date>Jun 20</date>

<blockquote>An Initiative Towards WebView Keyword Search in React Native —  When you’re looking for a specific phrase or word on a web page, the last thing you want to do is go through the entire page for that word. Searching for a word on a web page is a great way to save time. In this article, you’ll find instructions…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Flutter WebView JavaScript Communication — InAppWebView 5 - <a href=https://medium.com/flutter-community/flutter-webview-javascript-communication-inappwebview-5-403088610949?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------7bf2fe97_6389_4e97_90a1_b22959661f14-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Lorenzo Pichilli`** , <date>Updated Apr 19, 2021</date>

<blockquote>In this in-depth tutorial, I’m going to explain how you can communicate from Dart (Flutter WebView) to JavaScript and vice-versa using my flutter_inappwebview plugin (at the time of this writing, the latest release is 5.3.2). There are 3 main ways to enable this 2-way communication: JavaScript Handlers; Web Message Channels; …</blockquote>

<h3>3. WebView in SwiftUI - <a href=https://medium.com/devtechie/webview-in-swiftui-a9c283f29327?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------7bf2fe97_6389_4e97_90a1_b22959661f14-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `DevTechie`** , <date>Mar 2, 2022</date>

<blockquote>Link control was launched with iOS 14 and makes it easy for us to launch web page from a URL. For example, following code will launch DevTechie.com website using URL(go check it out while you are at it 😉) struct WebPageExample: View {
    var body: some View…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Passing cookie and session storage values to an in-app webview in Flutter - <a href=https://medium.com/@sonawanedipak111/passing-cookie-and-session-storage-values-to-an-in-app-webview-in-flutter-276cb19a2f7a?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------7bf2fe97_6389_4e97_90a1_b22959661f14-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Dipak Sonawane`** , <date>Jan 19</date>

<blockquote>Hello everyone,
Flutter is a popular open-source framework for developing mobile apps that run on both iOS and Android. One of the powerful features of Flutter is its ability to embed web content within a mobile app using a widget called InAppWebView. In this blog post, we will take a look…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Handle New Tabs and Window Popup With WKWebView Using SwiftUI - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/handling-new-tabs-and-window-popup-with-wkwebview-using-swiftui-22795c5cee92?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------7bf2fe97_6389_4e97_90a1_b22959661f14-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Kevin You`** , <date>Apr 2</date>

<blockquote>Learn how to port WKWebView to SwiftUI view and handle tab/window popup. —  While it may be trivial to handle on the web, on mobile devices it requires some extra effort. In this article, I will discuss the most common ways to handle these scenarios on iOS using WKWebView. When browsing the web, it is not uncommon to encounter links that lead to…</blockquote>

