
<h1>Technology</h1>
<h3>1. I Tried 100 AI Tools. These Are The Best - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/i-tried-100-ai-tools-these-are-the-best-67e2fcef98b2?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------b8e72a02_a688_4df4_8753_ce4b585d7488-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `The PyCoach`** , <date>Jun 22</date>

<blockquote>Best AI tools for generating text, speech, video, image, notes, apps, and more! —  Since ChatGPT was released, I’ve been trying many AI tools for different purposes. In this article, I’ll share with you what I think are the best AI tools. I’ll leave a small review of each tool as well as links to complete guides to know more about them. Here are…</blockquote>

<h3>2. I Used ChatGPT (Every Day) for 5 Months. Here Are Some Hidden Gems That Will Change Your Life - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/i-used-chatgpt-every-day-for-5-months-here-are-some-hidden-gems-that-will-change-your-life-a451e2093097?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------b8e72a02_a688_4df4_8753_ce4b585d7488-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Diana Dovgopol`** , <date>May 3</date>

<blockquote>Transform your life with these ChatGPT’s hidden gems. —  As ChatGPT gains more popularity, many have become accustomed to its standard functions and are using ChatGPT in various ways. However, what many don’t realize is that this AI has a bunch of advanced capabilities beyond just writing texts and code. ChatGPT has many features that can be applied to…</blockquote>

<h3>3. I’ve Tried (Almost All) ChatGPT Plugins. Here Are The Best! - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/ive-tried-almost-all-chatgpt-plugins-here-are-the-best-ebf5019bfb37?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------b8e72a02_a688_4df4_8753_ce4b585d7488-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Diana Dovgopol`** , <date>Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>These plugins will improve the way you use ChatGPT. —  One of the first things I did after subscribing to ChatGPT Plus was to download many plugins from the Plugin Store. I have to say that ChatGPT plugins are really useful improvements that have changed the way I use ChatGPT. As of now, there are around 200 plugins available, and…</blockquote>

<h3>4. GPT-4’s Secret Has Been Revealed - <a href=https://medium.com/@albertoromgar/gpt-4s-secret-has-been-revealed-439db1568180?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------b8e72a02_a688_4df4_8753_ce4b585d7488-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Alberto Romero`** , <date>Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>Unraveling OpenAI’s masterful ploy —  GPT-4 was the most anticipated AI model in history. Yet when OpenAI released it in March they didn’t tell us anything about its size, data, internal structure, or how they trained and built it. A true black box. As it turns out, they didn’t conceal those critical details because the…</blockquote>

<h3>5. 9 New Must-Have macOS Productivity Apps For Daily Usage - <a href=https://medium.com/macoclock/9-new-must-have-macos-productivity-apps-for-daily-usage-fec955b1510c?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------b8e72a02_a688_4df4_8753_ce4b585d7488-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `The Useful Tech`** , <date>4 days ago</date>

<blockquote>How did you manage all these days without these apps? —  Most people probably don’t realize how much of a powerhouse their Mac actually is. While you might think you are utilizing macOS efficiently, the reality is, you are nowhere close to unlocking its full potential. So, in this post, I will share with you 12 new macOS apps that are…</blockquote>

