
<h1>Technology</h1>
<h3>1. I Tried 100 AI Tools. These Are The Best - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/i-tried-100-ai-tools-these-are-the-best-67e2fcef98b2?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------c631172f_f52c_4f29_a5cf_0ea2b59231fd-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `The PyCoach`** , <date>Jun 22</date>

<blockquote>Best AI tools for generating text, speech, video, image, notes, apps, and more! —  Since ChatGPT was released, I’ve been trying many AI tools for different purposes. In this article, I’ll share with you what I think are the best AI tools. I’ll leave a small review of each tool as well as links to complete guides to know more about them. Here are…</blockquote>

<h3>2. I Used ChatGPT (Every Day) for 5 Months. Here Are Some Hidden Gems That Will Change Your Life - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/i-used-chatgpt-every-day-for-5-months-here-are-some-hidden-gems-that-will-change-your-life-a451e2093097?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------c631172f_f52c_4f29_a5cf_0ea2b59231fd-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Diana Dovgopol`** , <date>May 3</date>

<blockquote>Transform your life with these ChatGPT’s hidden gems. —  As ChatGPT gains more popularity, many have become accustomed to its standard functions and are using ChatGPT in various ways. However, what many don’t realize is that this AI has a bunch of advanced capabilities beyond just writing texts and code. ChatGPT has many features that can be applied to…</blockquote>

<h3>3. 10 Hottest New Apps to Stay Ahead of the Tech Curve - <a href=https://medium.com/curiosity-ai/10-hottest-new-apps-to-stay-ahead-of-the-tech-curve-596f8dc160bc?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------c631172f_f52c_4f29_a5cf_0ea2b59231fd-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Leon Zucchini`** , <date>Jun 12</date>

<blockquote>Meet the 10 most upvoted apps in May — via ProductHunt. —  In the past months, we’ve seen a remarkable shift in the app development scene, all thanks to the impressive advancements in AI tech. But that’s not all; there’s another trend that’s been following AI side-by-side: no-code apps. More and more user-friendly creations are breaking down barriers and allowing individuals to…</blockquote>

<h3>4. I’ve Tried (Almost All) ChatGPT Plugins. Here Are The Best! - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/ive-tried-almost-all-chatgpt-plugins-here-are-the-best-ebf5019bfb37?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------c631172f_f52c_4f29_a5cf_0ea2b59231fd-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Diana Dovgopol`** , <date>Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>These plugins will improve the way you use ChatGPT. —  One of the first things I did after subscribing to ChatGPT Plus was to download many plugins from the Plugin Store. I have to say that ChatGPT plugins are really useful improvements that have changed the way I use ChatGPT. As of now, there are around 200 plugins available, and…</blockquote>

<h3>5. An Unexpected Ally In Dementia Prevention: Shingles Vaccination - <a href=https://medium.com/microbial-instincts/an-unexpected-ally-in-dementia-prevention-shingles-vaccination-3d17e3da055f?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------c631172f_f52c_4f29_a5cf_0ea2b59231fd-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Shin Jie Yong`** , <date>Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>The strongest causal evidence yet from a ‘natural experiment’ study. —  I did a joint BSc(Hons) degree in biology-psychology and then an MSc in life sciences (major in neuroscience). I believe I went through over 50 textbooks throughout my student years. (Yes, I was a study freak.) But nowhere in the textbooks did I ever come across the theory that infections…</blockquote>

