
<h1>Programming</h1>
<h3>1. GPT-Engineer: Generate an Entire Codebase with 1 Prompt! - <a href=https://medium.com/artificial-corner/gpt-engineer-generate-an-entire-codebase-with-1-prompt-7e98ca368410?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------c1c3d8d8_f4b9_4a6d_a92b_361d5bd0e7ff-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `The PyCoach`** , <date>Jun 20</date>

<blockquote>Think of a project. Type a prompt. Get all the files generated in seconds! —  We’ve seen how ChatGPT can generate code for us. Then we’ve seen how Auto-GPT could make GPT-4 fully autonomous. And now we can build entire apps with one prompt with GPT-Engineer. How does it work? Simple, you only have to describe your project and GPT-Engineer will build it for you. …</blockquote>

<h3>2. 19 Most Elegant Sklearn Tricks I Found After 3 Years of Use - <a href=https://medium.com/towards-artificial-intelligence/19-most-elegant-sklearn-tricks-i-found-after-3-years-of-use-5bda439fa506?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------c1c3d8d8_f4b9_4a6d_a92b_361d5bd0e7ff-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bex T.`** , <date>Jun 16</date>

<blockquote>Advanced techniques and hidden gems for effective machine learning —  Learn about 19 Sklearn features you have never seen that are direct and elegant replacements to common operations you do manually. Introduction After three years of use and by looking at the API reference of Sklearn, I have realized that the most commonly used models and functions are only a thin…</blockquote>

<h3>3. A 20-year-experienced CTO’s Advice “Don’t Be a Humble Developer” - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/a-20-year-experienced-ctos-advice-don-t-be-a-humble-developer-919973e8ca5?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------c1c3d8d8_f4b9_4a6d_a92b_361d5bd0e7ff-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `The woman`** , <date>Jun 12</date>

<blockquote>I think 90% of the developers are victims of their modesty!! —  I was scrolling reels on Instagram. Then a nice and funny video came to my feed. In that reel, An spiritual coach(guru) called Sadhguru made a funny but thoughtful joke. Before talking further, I need to say… I am not a follower or fan of his, but I like some…</blockquote>

<h3>4. What’s Wrong With OpenAPI? - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/whats-wrong-with-openapi-771e67e2bf6f?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------c1c3d8d8_f4b9_4a6d_a92b_361d5bd0e7ff-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Konstantin Malyshev`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>How we struggled with API documentation on our projects and went a bit crazy —  Are you happy with API documentation in your company? Almost certainly not. We weren’t by a long shot. We won’t go into the sad consequences of error-filled, outdated or non-existent API documentation, but why is this seemingly easy-to-solve issue such a big problem on so many projects? The reason is…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Awesome Python Scripts - <a href=https://medium.com/@dmitrijkumancev571/awesome-python-scripts-6711873a35c3?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------c1c3d8d8_f4b9_4a6d_a92b_361d5bd0e7ff-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Dmitriy Kumantsev`** , <date>May 15</date>

<blockquote>Hi guys! Today I want to share with you some useful scripts for python.
I am a big fan of scripts, because they facilitate routine work, improve projects, as well as give a visual representation of the use of knowledge in practice Let’s go! 1. Convert JSON to CSV import json
if __name__ == '__main__'…</blockquote>

