
<h1>Kubernetes</h1>
<h3>1. How To Learn Kubernetes (Complete Roadmap & Resources) - <a href=https://medium.com/dailydevopstips/how-to-learn-kubernetes-complete-roadmap-resources-a853723ae61a?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------88bbf385_66f1_430d_be5c_884a6e6f7bed-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bibin Wilson`** , <date>Apr 29</date>

<blockquote>Originally published at https://devopscube.com on April 29, 2023. Learning Kubernetes can seem overwhelming. It’s a complex container orchestration system, that has a steep learning curve. But with the right roadmap and understanding of the foundational concepts, it’s something that any developer or ops person can learn. In this Kubernetes learning…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Saying Goodbye to Ingress: Embracing the Future of Kubernetes Traffic Management with Gateway API and Cilium - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/saying-goodbye-to-ingress-embracing-the-future-of-kubernetes-traffic-management-with-gateway-api-6584b7b8f913?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------88bbf385_66f1_430d_be5c_884a6e6f7bed-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Seifeddine Rajhi`** , <date>May 30</date>

<blockquote>☸ ️Introduction: In the dynamic world of Kubernetes, managing ingress traffic efficiently and securely has always been a crucial challenge. However, a groundbreaking solution has emerged, promising to transform the way we handle traffic routing within Kubernetes clusters. Meet the Gateway API: a long-term replacement for Kubernetes Ingress that brings a wealth…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Istio Multi-Cluster Setup - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/istio-multi-cluster-setup-b773313c074a?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------88bbf385_66f1_430d_be5c_884a6e6f7bed-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Mahdi Mallaki`** , <date>6 days ago</date>

<blockquote>A guide to connecting Istio meshes across different Kubernetes clusters. Introduction As organizations embrace cloud-native architectures and deploy applications across multiple Kubernetes clusters, the need arises for seamless communication and management between these clusters. Istio, a popular service mesh solution, offers a powerful solution for connecting and orchestrating applications deployed across…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Taking Kubernetes to the Next Level: Discovering Compliant Kubernetes Solution for Advanced Security and Observability - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/taking-kubernetes-to-the-next-level-discovering-compliant-kubernetes-solution-for-advanced-58d9cd34f7f6?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------88bbf385_66f1_430d_be5c_884a6e6f7bed-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Seifeddine Rajhi`** , <date>Jun 14</date>

<blockquote>Achieving GDPR and ISO 27001 Compliance in Kubernetes: Essential Tips for Production Workloads 🏗 Introduction: As companies increasingly leverage Kubernetes for running production workloads, ensuring compliance with data protection regulations and information security standards becomes paramount. Achieving GDPR and ISO 27001 compliance in a Kubernetes environment requires a well-rounded approach that…</blockquote>

<h3>5. The Future of Observability - <a href=https://medium.com/@laduram/the-future-of-observability-c33cd7ff644a?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------88bbf385_66f1_430d_be5c_884a6e6f7bed-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Laduram Vishnoi`** , <date>Feb 1</date>

<blockquote>How is observability changing in recent years, and what next? In recent years, businesses have become increasingly reliant on observability to manage and maintain complex systems and infrastructure. As systems become even more complex, observability must evolve to keep pace with changing demands. The big question for 2023: what next for observability? The proliferation of microservices and distributed systems has…</blockquote>

