
<h1>Kubernetes</h1>
<h3>1. Are Kubernetes days numbered? - <a href=https://medium.com/cts-technologies/are-kubernetes-days-numbered-a3c267e65ee9?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------0826abcf_758b_48cf_b954_f481654ab766-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Alistair Grew`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>…and if so — what is the future for containers? Introduction As a sequel to my earlier “Are Terraform’s days numbered?” post, today I want to address a different question that Julio Ortega posed in the comments on that post. Are Kubernetes days numbered? For those who aren't familiar with Kubernetes…</blockquote>

<h3>2. How To Learn Kubernetes (Complete Roadmap & Resources) - <a href=https://medium.com/dailydevopstips/how-to-learn-kubernetes-complete-roadmap-resources-a853723ae61a?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------0826abcf_758b_48cf_b954_f481654ab766-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bibin Wilson`** , <date>Apr 29</date>

<blockquote>Originally published at https://devopscube.com on April 29, 2023. Learning Kubernetes can seem overwhelming. It’s a complex container orchestration system, that has a steep learning curve. But with the right roadmap and understanding of the foundational concepts, it’s something that any developer or ops person can learn. In this Kubernetes learning…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Saying Goodbye to Ingress: Embracing the Future of Kubernetes Traffic Management with Gateway API and Cilium - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/saying-goodbye-to-ingress-embracing-the-future-of-kubernetes-traffic-management-with-gateway-api-6584b7b8f913?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------0826abcf_758b_48cf_b954_f481654ab766-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Seifeddine Rajhi`** , <date>May 30</date>

<blockquote>☸ ️Introduction: In the dynamic world of Kubernetes, managing ingress traffic efficiently and securely has always been a crucial challenge. However, a groundbreaking solution has emerged, promising to transform the way we handle traffic routing within Kubernetes clusters. Meet the Gateway API: a long-term replacement for Kubernetes Ingress that brings a wealth…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Introducing Klone: Open-source remote debugging tool for Kubernetes services - <a href=https://medium.com/@shivam_nagar/introducing-klone-open-source-remote-debugging-tool-for-kubernetes-services-ee1788bfb2ed?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------0826abcf_758b_48cf_b954_f481654ab766-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Shivam Nagar`** , <date>Jun 10</date>

<blockquote>Debugging errors in remote Kubernetes environments is often more time-consuming than we’d like and issues need to be manually reproduced locally with mocks before we can debug. Mocking sucks At ZeroK, every time an issue occurred in our staging environment, we would manually reproduce the issue in the local development environment to…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Request-Driven (RESTful) vs Event-Driven in Microservices - <a href=https://medium.com/ambassador-api-gateway/request-driven-restful-vs-event-driven-in-microservices-82798cba80d5?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------0826abcf_758b_48cf_b954_f481654ab766-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Anita Ihuman`** , <date>Jun 28</date>

<blockquote>As technology advances, so do the techniques and tools used for building applications. APIs have become increasingly prominent over the years and are now widely used for exchanging data between two or more systems in the digital landscape. Today, there are numerous ways to handle application integrations and develop APIs…</blockquote>

