
<h1>Kubernetes</h1>
<h3>1. How To Learn Kubernetes (Complete Roadmap & Resources) - <a href=https://medium.com/dailydevopstips/how-to-learn-kubernetes-complete-roadmap-resources-a853723ae61a?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------1f1eefa9_afc6_4be8_8c61_09c690aa2b5e-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bibin Wilson`** , <date>Apr 29</date>

<blockquote>Originally published at https://devopscube.com on April 29, 2023. Learning Kubernetes can seem overwhelming. It’s a complex container orchestration system, that has a steep learning curve. But with the right roadmap and understanding of the foundational concepts, it’s something that any developer or ops person can learn. In this Kubernetes learning…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Saying Goodbye to Ingress: Embracing the Future of Kubernetes Traffic Management with Gateway API and Cilium - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/saying-goodbye-to-ingress-embracing-the-future-of-kubernetes-traffic-management-with-gateway-api-6584b7b8f913?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------1f1eefa9_afc6_4be8_8c61_09c690aa2b5e-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Seifeddine Rajhi`** , <date>May 30</date>

<blockquote>☸ ️Introduction: In the dynamic world of Kubernetes, managing ingress traffic efficiently and securely has always been a crucial challenge. However, a groundbreaking solution has emerged, promising to transform the way we handle traffic routing within Kubernetes clusters. Meet the Gateway API: a long-term replacement for Kubernetes Ingress that brings a wealth…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Are Kubernetes days numbered? - <a href=https://medium.com/cts-technologies/are-kubernetes-days-numbered-a3c267e65ee9?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------1f1eefa9_afc6_4be8_8c61_09c690aa2b5e-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Alistair Grew`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>…and if so — what is the future for containers? Introduction As a sequel to my earlier “Are Terraform’s days numbered?” post, today I want to address a different question that Julio Ortega posed in the comments on that post. Are Kubernetes days numbered? For those who aren't familiar with Kubernetes…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Istio Multi-Cluster Setup - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/istio-multi-cluster-setup-b773313c074a?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------1f1eefa9_afc6_4be8_8c61_09c690aa2b5e-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Mahdi Mallaki`** , <date>Jun 25</date>

<blockquote>A guide to connecting Istio meshes across different Kubernetes clusters. Introduction As organizations embrace cloud-native architectures and deploy applications across multiple Kubernetes clusters, the need arises for seamless communication and management between these clusters. Istio, a popular service mesh solution, offers a powerful solution for connecting and orchestrating applications deployed across…</blockquote>

<h3>5. The Future of Observability - <a href=https://medium.com/@laduram/the-future-of-observability-c33cd7ff644a?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------1f1eefa9_afc6_4be8_8c61_09c690aa2b5e-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Laduram Vishnoi`** , <date>Feb 1</date>

<blockquote>How is observability changing in recent years, and what next? In recent years, businesses have become increasingly reliant on observability to manage and maintain complex systems and infrastructure. As systems become even more complex, observability must evolve to keep pace with changing demands. The big question for 2023: what next for observability? The proliferation of microservices and distributed systems has…</blockquote>

