
<h1>Devops</h1>
<h3>1. How To Learn Kubernetes (Complete Roadmap & Resources) - <a href=https://medium.com/dailydevopstips/how-to-learn-kubernetes-complete-roadmap-resources-a853723ae61a?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------180d2507_47ec_49a5_b671_27bc1840caf7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bibin Wilson`** , <date>Apr 29</date>

<blockquote>Originally published at https://devopscube.com on April 29, 2023. Learning Kubernetes can seem overwhelming. It’s a complex container orchestration system, that has a steep learning curve. But with the right roadmap and understanding of the foundational concepts, it’s something that any developer or ops person can learn. In this Kubernetes learning…</blockquote>

<h3>2. 10 Best Internal Developer Platforms to Consider in 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/@rphilogene/10-best-internal-developer-platforms-to-consider-in-2023-3b38187dbff2?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------180d2507_47ec_49a5_b671_27bc1840caf7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Romaric Philogène`** , <date>Jun 11</date>

<blockquote>Internal Developer Platforms have emerged as essential tools for streamlining processes and boosting productivity. As we find ourselves in the midst of 2023, the demand for robust developer platforms remains on the rise as organizations strive to find efficient solutions that expedite software delivery. This comprehensive guide aims to delve…</blockquote>

<h3>3. 10 websites that pay you up to $1000 to start your technical writing journey. - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/10-websites-that-pay-you-to-start-your-technical-writing-journey-b04ab2eb6f7e?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------180d2507_47ec_49a5_b671_27bc1840caf7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Stephen Adesina`** , <date>Jan 19</date>

<blockquote>Are you at the point in your tech journey where you want to share your experiences? It doesn’t matter if you’re a tech baby with a passion for writing or a tech bro/sis who wants to share their experiences. This article shows you how and where to start. Bonus, you’re…</blockquote>

<h3>4. DevOps Big Picture (On-Premises) - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/devops-big-picture-on-premises-d07f61d6c34c?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------180d2507_47ec_49a5_b671_27bc1840caf7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Mahdi Mallaki`** , <date>Jun 18</date>

<blockquote>An overview of DevOps best practices and tools for on-premises environments Introduction Recently, I conducted an internet search to find an overview of DevOps, aiming to assess the existing tools and practices within our company. Despite the abundance of DevOps tools and practices, I could not locate a comprehensive overview. Therefore…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Istio Multi-Cluster Setup - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/istio-multi-cluster-setup-b773313c074a?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------180d2507_47ec_49a5_b671_27bc1840caf7-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Mahdi Mallaki`** , <date>5 days ago</date>

<blockquote>A guide to connecting Istio meshes across different Kubernetes clusters. Introduction As organizations embrace cloud-native architectures and deploy applications across multiple Kubernetes clusters, the need arises for seamless communication and management between these clusters. Istio, a popular service mesh solution, offers a powerful solution for connecting and orchestrating applications deployed across…</blockquote>

