
<h1>TypeScript</h1>
<h3>1. Building Type-safe APIs with TypeScript and OpenAPI - <a href=https://medium.com/@AlexanderObregon/building-type-safe-apis-with-typescript-and-openapi-1f78b4b94ee4?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------93d142bf_67d1_41ba_909c_48ff8e19c527-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Alexander Obregon`** , <date>Apr 9</date>

<blockquote>Introduction In today’s modern web development world, type safety plays a crucial role in building reliable and maintainable applications. TypeScript, a statically typed superset of JavaScript, has become a go-to language for developers who want to write type-safe code. …</blockquote>

<h3>2. 8 Expert TypeScript Tricks That Will Take Your Code to the Next Level - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/8-expert-typescript-tricks-that-will-take-your-code-to-the-next-level-9b5bb79da880?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------93d142bf_67d1_41ba_909c_48ff8e19c527-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `CodeCircuit`** , <date>Jun 8</date>

<blockquote>From advanced type inference to clever error handling, discover the secrets that will propel your programming skills to the next level. —  Welcome to this amazing guide that is going to boost your TypeScript game. Let’s dive right in! Ever wondered what TypeScript is? TypeScript is a super-set of JavaScript, which primarily provides optional static typing, classes, and interfaces. Why TypeScript? Why would you use TypeScript, you ask? TypeScript makes it easier to write…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Master TypeScript Interviews - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/master-typescript-interviews-e46faddf47a7?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------93d142bf_67d1_41ba_909c_48ff8e19c527-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Hayk Simonyan`** , <date>Apr 25</date>

<blockquote>Intro Are you preparing for a TypeScript interview and want to know what to expect? In this article, we’ll go over the 10 Popular TypeScript interview questions that you might encounter during your job interview. Let’s get started with some simple examples and gradually move on to more advanced topics. Question 1: What is TypeScript and how is it different from JavaScript? TypeScript…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Demystifying TypeScript 5 Decorators: 6 Examples To Get You Started - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/demystifying-typescript-5-decorators-6-examples-to-get-you-started-6861074c44e?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------93d142bf_67d1_41ba_909c_48ff8e19c527-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Chris Bauer`** , <date>May 15</date>

<blockquote>A quick dive into several use cases for TypeScript 5’s decorators —  I, like many of you, opened VS code recently to some perplexing error messages such as “Expression produces a union type that is too complex to represent.ts(2590).” A few quick Googles had me arrive predictably at the recent release of TypeScript 5 and some indications that my locally installed version…</blockquote>

<h3>5. TypeScript Advanced Types for Next.js: Examples and Best Practices In 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/bitsrc/typescript-advanced-types-for-next-js-examples-and-best-practices-in-2023-a3a3946a353e?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------93d142bf_67d1_41ba_909c_48ff8e19c527-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `React Dojo`** , <date>Apr 28</date>

<blockquote>TypeScript utilities that can be useful for Next.js projects. —  As a front-end developer working with Next.js, you’re likely already familiar with the power of TypeScript for creating type-safe and maintainable code. But did you know that you can leverage TypeScript’s type system to create custom utilities that can streamline your development process even further? In this article, we’ll explore…</blockquote>

