
<h1>NodeJS</h1>
<h3>1. Top 10 Best Practices To Secure Node.js Apps in Production - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/top-10-best-practices-to-secure-node-js-apps-in-production-916c69fcb43f?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------357c965b_f739_42ac_9346_1de379448058-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tara Prasad Routray`** , <date>Jun 4</date>

<blockquote>Learn how to safeguard your Node.js applications against malicious users and ensure the uninterrupted, seamless operation of your app. —  In today’s interconnected digital landscape, ensuring the security of web applications is of utmost importance. Node.js, with its efficient and scalable runtime environment, has become a popular choice for building server-side applications. However, as Node.js applications are deployed into production environments, they become potential targets for cyber threats and attacks…</blockquote>

<h3>2. I built the same Web Server in 4 languages. Here’s what I found… - <a href=https://medium.com/@chriskaykos/i-built-the-same-web-server-in-5-languages-heres-what-i-found-86e546433d3f?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------357c965b_f739_42ac_9346_1de379448058-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Chris Kay`** , <date>May 16</date>

<blockquote>I created the same File Share Server in Rust ( Actix Web ), C++ ( Crow ) , Python ( Django ) and Nodejs ( Express ). The results will probably surprise you. I should note that I come from a Nodejs ( Express ) environment and I am going…</blockquote>

<h3>3. React and NodeJS Authentication with Refresh & Access Tokens: A Step-by-Step Guide - <a href=https://medium.com/@Sukhjinder/react-and-nodejs-authentication-with-refresh-access-tokens-a-step-by-step-guide-343c7a722aec?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------357c965b_f739_42ac_9346_1de379448058-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Sukhjinder Arora`** , <date>May 30</date>

<blockquote>Mastering Token-Based Authentication in React and NodeJS —  This article was originally published at https://whatisweb.dev/react-and-nodejs-authentication-with-refresh-access-tokens-a-step-by-step-guide The most common way of performing authentication in Single Page Applications (SPA) is through the use of JSON Web Tokens (JWT). While JWT-based authentication is easy to implement, there are some downsides to using JWT in SPAs that should be considered:</blockquote>

<h3>4. Introduction to Event-Driven Architecture in Node.js Typescript - <a href=https://medium.com/scb-abacus/introduction-to-event-driven-architecture-in-node-js-typescript-354302bc055c?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------357c965b_f739_42ac_9346_1de379448058-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Chanchai Lee`** , <date>Feb 10</date>

<blockquote>Event-driven architecture is a popular software design pattern that enables a system to react to various events that occur in the application. In this pattern, there are two types of objects: event emitters and event listeners. Event emitters trigger events, while event listeners listen and react to those events. This…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Clean Architecture in Node.js - <a href=https://medium.com/@ben.dev.io/clean-architecture-in-node-js-39c3358d46f3?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------357c965b_f739_42ac_9346_1de379448058-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Ben Mishali`** , <date>Mar 7</date>

<blockquote>Introduction Clean Architecture is a software development concept that focuses on creating modular and maintainable code. The architecture allows the developer to create a codebase that is easy to understand, test, and extend. It emphasizes on separating the core business logic of the application from the infrastructure details. In this article…</blockquote>

