
<h1>NodeJS</h1>
<h3>1. SAMA chat server API: Users - <a href=https://medium.com/sama-communications/sama-chat-server-api-users-edf65ea6a341?source=tag_page---------0-84--------------------81c201b4_1f53_4971_a584_05927ef7097f-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Oleksandr Chabaniuk`** , <date>4 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>We are pleased to announce a new series of posts about SAMA API. In this article, we are pleased to introduce you SAMA Users API, which provides a wide range of features for managing users in your application. With this API, you can easily create, edit, delete, log in, log…</blockquote>

<h3>2. How Do We Create Smart Notifications Using ChatGPT API In VOLE - <a href=https://medium.com/@hakanapohan/how-do-we-create-smart-notifications-using-chatgpt-api-in-vole-7da2649385b1?source=tag_page---------1-84--------------------81c201b4_1f53_4971_a584_05927ef7097f-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Hakan Apohan`** , <date>5 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>Vole is the revolutionary social network exclusively designed for sports enthusiasts. With a vast user community comprising sports fans, commentators, and even professional athletes, Vole provides a unique platform for connecting individuals passionate about sports. Until now, the application moderators were responsible for crafting catchy punchlines and manually sending notifications…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Advanced MongoDB Queries in JavaScript for Advanced Data Operations - <a href=https://medium.com/@vikramgyawali57/advanced-mongodb-queries-in-javascript-for-advanced-data-operations-b651e245599f?source=tag_page---------2-84--------------------81c201b4_1f53_4971_a584_05927ef7097f-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `The Deca Dose`** , <date>14 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>Introduction:
MongoDB provides a rich set of advanced query capabilities that go beyond basic data retrieval and manipulation. In this tutorial, we will explore advanced MongoDB queries in JavaScript that allow you to perform complex operations, leverage aggregation pipelines, and optimize query performance. By mastering these advanced query techniques, you’ll be…</blockquote>

<h3>4. A Pole widget built with react Js || No third party libraries used. - <a href=https://medium.com/@nitesh.jha15/a-pole-widget-built-with-react-js-no-third-party-libraries-used-91806fa8aae3?source=tag_page---------3-84--------------------81c201b4_1f53_4971_a584_05927ef7097f-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nitesh Jha`** , <date>12 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>You must have seen pole widget on linkedIn where user can vote for their favourite topic and linkedIn shows us the percentage of vote and and total votes with highlighted portion of the options voted by users. I have tried to create the same with React Js where i didn’t…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Build Telegram Bot using NodeJS GrammyJS, OpenAI andMongo Atlas - <a href=https://medium.com/@ddiscua/build-telegram-bot-using-nodejs-grammyjs-openai-andmongo-atlas-5816591a0efb?source=tag_page---------4-84--------------------81c201b4_1f53_4971_a584_05927ef7097f-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `David Discua`** , <date>16 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>In today’s interconnected world, chatbots have revolutionized the way businesses engage with their customers. Integrating the power of artificial intelligence with popular messaging platforms like Telegram has opened up endless possibilities for creating interactive and intelligent chatbot experiences. In this article, we will dive into the exciting realm of building…</blockquote>

