
<h1>NodeJS</h1>
<h3>1. I built the same Web Server in 4 languages. Here’s what I found… - <a href=https://medium.com/@chriskaykos/i-built-the-same-web-server-in-5-languages-heres-what-i-found-86e546433d3f?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------7f68462e_234b_425d_a1ea_e57fcc148759-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Chris Kay`** , <date>May 16</date>

<blockquote>I created the same File Share Server in Rust ( Actix Web ), C++ ( Crow ) , Python ( Django ) and Nodejs ( Express ). The results will probably surprise you. I should note that I come from a Nodejs ( Express ) environment and I am going…</blockquote>

<h3>2. 25 Killer JavaScript One-Liners That’ll Make You Look Like a Pro - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/25-killer-javascript-one-liners-thatll-make-you-look-like-a-pro-d43f08529404?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------7f68462e_234b_425d_a1ea_e57fcc148759-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `fatfish`** , <date>Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>A list of one-liners you should know to up your knowledge of JavaScript. 1.# Copy content to the clipboard In order to improve the user experience of the website, we often need to copy the content to the clipboard, so that users can paste it to the designated place. const copyToClipboard = (content) => navigator.clipboard.writeText(content) …</blockquote>

<h3>3. React and NodeJS Authentication with Refresh & Access Tokens: A Step-by-Step Guide - <a href=https://medium.com/@Sukhjinder/react-and-nodejs-authentication-with-refresh-access-tokens-a-step-by-step-guide-343c7a722aec?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------7f68462e_234b_425d_a1ea_e57fcc148759-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Sukhjinder Arora`** , <date>May 30</date>

<blockquote>Mastering Token-Based Authentication in React and NodeJS —  This article was originally published at https://whatisweb.dev/react-and-nodejs-authentication-with-refresh-access-tokens-a-step-by-step-guide The most common way of performing authentication in Single Page Applications (SPA) is through the use of JSON Web Tokens (JWT). While JWT-based authentication is easy to implement, there are some downsides to using JWT in SPAs that should be considered:</blockquote>

<h3>4. Top 10 Best Practices To Secure Node.js Apps in Production - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/top-10-best-practices-to-secure-node-js-apps-in-production-916c69fcb43f?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------7f68462e_234b_425d_a1ea_e57fcc148759-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tara Prasad Routray`** , <date>Jun 4</date>

<blockquote>Learn how to safeguard your Node.js applications against malicious users and ensure the uninterrupted, seamless operation of your app. —  In today’s interconnected digital landscape, ensuring the security of web applications is of utmost importance. Node.js, with its efficient and scalable runtime environment, has become a popular choice for building server-side applications. However, as Node.js applications are deployed into production environments, they become potential targets for cyber threats and attacks…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Introduction to Event-Driven Architecture in Node.js Typescript - <a href=https://medium.com/scb-abacus/introduction-to-event-driven-architecture-in-node-js-typescript-354302bc055c?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------7f68462e_234b_425d_a1ea_e57fcc148759-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Chanchai Lee`** , <date>Feb 10</date>

<blockquote>Event-driven architecture is a popular software design pattern that enables a system to react to various events that occur in the application. In this pattern, there are two types of objects: event emitters and event listeners. Event emitters trigger events, while event listeners listen and react to those events. This…</blockquote>

