
<h1>JS & TS</h1>
<h3>1. Bye-bye useState & useEffect: Revolutionizing React Development! - <a href=https://medium.com/@emmanuelodii80/bye-bye-usestate-useeffect-revolutionizing-react-development-d91f95891adb?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------e1f5d361_5e12_4ad8_a022_926cf04dfd63-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Emmanuel Odii`** , <date>May 16</date>

<blockquote>Many developers continue to use the useState and useEffect hooks to update states, but I have not been fond of this approach. The issue is that it causes the component to mount, remount, and unmount simultaneously, leading to unexpected behavior. As a result, when logging something into the console, you…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Doing much better than your .env file - <a href=https://medium.com/@tony.infisical/the-death-of-the-env-file-6d65bfc6ac5e?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------e1f5d361_5e12_4ad8_a022_926cf04dfd63-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tony`** , <date>May 10</date>

<blockquote>Six months ago, I advocated for everyone to stop using .env files in favor of approaches using secret management platforms. Since then, I’ve learned and experienced much more about how to manage environment variables effectively. In this article, I argue again for why we should reduce the practice of storing…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Design Patterns: A Guide to JavaScript Development Principles for Clean and Scalable Code - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/design-patterns-a-guide-to-javascript-development-principles-for-clean-and-scalable-code-cf90771b48f2?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------e1f5d361_5e12_4ad8_a022_926cf04dfd63-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Anto Semeraro`** , <date>Jun 19</date>

<blockquote>Discover the power of design patterns in javascript, and learn how to leverage them for clean, maintainable, and scalable code that stands the test of time. —  Introduction — JavaScript Design Patterns</blockquote>

<h3>4. Top 10 Best Practices To Secure Node.js Apps in Production - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/top-10-best-practices-to-secure-node-js-apps-in-production-916c69fcb43f?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------e1f5d361_5e12_4ad8_a022_926cf04dfd63-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tara Prasad Routray`** , <date>Jun 4</date>

<blockquote>Learn how to safeguard your Node.js applications against malicious users and ensure the uninterrupted, seamless operation of your app. —  In today’s interconnected digital landscape, ensuring the security of web applications is of utmost importance. Node.js, with its efficient and scalable runtime environment, has become a popular choice for building server-side applications. However, as Node.js applications are deployed into production environments, they become potential targets for cyber threats and attacks…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Component communication in Angular for Senior devs - <a href=https://medium.com/@iamprovidence/component-communication-in-angular-for-senior-devs-4e3c9f0f2c59?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------e1f5d361_5e12_4ad8_a022_926cf04dfd63-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `iamprovidence`** , <date>May 27</date>

<blockquote>Exchanging data between different components is just an essential task in any application. Angular is not an exception here. Despite how common it is, there are multiple in-build approaches. Sometimes those may not be enough, and you would have to figure out some fancy workarounds. How do you know you…</blockquote>

