
<h1>IOS</h1>
<h3>1. Kotlin Multiplatform, Compose Multiplatform: Apple’s Strategic Failure - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/kmp-cm-apples-strategic-failure-cb758c24f824?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------d1858088_5e28_46e3_bd8f_48127e10e4d4-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Michael Long`** , <date>Updated Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>If Apple will not lead, then someone else will do so. —  “The Kotlin Multiplatform technology is designed to simplify the development of cross-platform projects. It reduces time spent writing and maintaining the same code for different platforms while retaining the flexibility and benefits of native programming.” ~ Kotlin.org It’s the Holy Grail of mobile application developers — and management — everywhere.</blockquote>

<h3>2. 17 New iOS 17 Features That Reimagine How You Use Your iPhone - <a href=https://medium.com/macoclock/ios-17-is-a-mind-blowing-update-17-amazing-changes-569f481321a4?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------d1858088_5e28_46e3_bd8f_48127e10e4d4-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nikhil Vemu`** , <date>4 days ago</date>

<blockquote>I wonder why Apple never revealed these —  • Changes for Wireless Transfers 🛜 #1. NameDrop is now active! You might already know this — NameDrop’s a brand new iOS feature that lets you exchange contacts with someone by bringing both your iPhones nearby. Like this →</blockquote>

<h3>3. A Deep Dive Into Observation: A New Way to Boost SwiftUI Performance - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/a-deep-dive-into-observation-a-new-way-to-boost-swiftui-performance-f299831c664b?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------d1858088_5e28_46e3_bd8f_48127e10e4d4-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `fatbobman ( 东坡肘子)`** , <date>Jun 19</date>

<blockquote>The Observation framework should reduce unnecessary updates in SwiftUI views, improving the performance of SwiftUI apps —  At WWDC 2023, Apple introduced a new member of the Swift standard library — the Observation framework. Its appearance is expected to alleviate the long-standing issue of unnecessary updates to SwiftUI views for developers. This article will comprehensively and thoroughly explore the Observation framework in a Q&A format, including its…</blockquote>

<h3>4. iOS 17 @Observable and the Observation Framework - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/ios-17-observable-and-the-observation-framework-152deaf8fc5e?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------d1858088_5e28_46e3_bd8f_48127e10e4d4-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nick McConnell`** , <date>Updated Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>The new approach to observing changes simplifies SwiftUI and solves the nested observable object problem. —  WWDC 2023 introduced us to the new iOS-17@Observable property wrapper along with a cleaned-up @State that now supersedes the previous @State @ObservedObject, @StateObject. This is fantastic — it’s always been a source of confusion for those starting on SwiftUI and a source of bugs (with various recommendations on what to…</blockquote>

<h3>5. The future of iOS development with Flutter - <a href=https://medium.com/flutter/the-future-of-ios-development-with-flutter-833aa9779fac?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------d1858088_5e28_46e3_bd8f_48127e10e4d4-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Leigha Jarett`** , <date>May 18</date>

<blockquote>Our recent accomplishments and future priorities for making Flutter a better tool for developing iOS apps —  Since its launch in 2017, Flutter has quickly become a top choice for iOS app development. Developers worldwide love Flutter. Using Flutter, they can code once and deploy their apps to iOS, Android, web and desktop. This has led to a massive following, with over a million apps built using…</blockquote>

