
<h1>Docker</h1>
<h3>1. Don't Install Python for Data Science. Use Docker Instead! - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/dont-install-python-for-data-science-use-docker-instead-bb61c585febc?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------3a2f995c_f8a8_4601_b41b_71a3e4e09063-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Maurício Cordeiro`** , <date>May 11</date>

<blockquote>A beginner's step-by-step guide to start using Docker Containers for Data Science development and avoid complex Python environment managers. —  Introduction Docker containers provide a lightweight and efficient way to package and deploy applications, making it easier to move them between different environments, such as development, testing, and production. However, while Docker is widely used for deployment, it has been underutilized by developers for their day-to-day work. Many developers still rely…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Docker For the Modern Data Scientists: 6 Concepts You Can’t Ignore in 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/towards-data-science/docker-for-the-modern-data-scientists-6-concepts-you-cant-ignore-in-2023-8c9477e1f4a5?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------3a2f995c_f8a8_4601_b41b_71a3e4e09063-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bex T.`** , <date>Jun 7</date>

<blockquote>An illustrated guide to the cool, essential tool —  This is by far one of the funniest memes I’ve ever seen: It touches on one of the most painful problems not just in data science and ML but in all of programming — sharing applications/scripts and making the darn things work on others’ machines as well. While Microsoft…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Powering Your App: Unleashing the Potential of NestJS, MongoDB, Redis, NextJs and Docker - <a href=https://medium.com/@imahmudul/powering-your-app-unleashing-the-potential-of-nestjs-mongodb-redis-nextjs-and-docker-106afe2aab3?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------3a2f995c_f8a8_4601_b41b_71a3e4e09063-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Mahmudul Hasan`** , <date>Jun 10</date>

<blockquote>MERN Stack & Beyond —  We will explore how to build a full-stack application using NestJS as the backend framework, MongoDB as the database, Redis as the cache manager, and Next.js as the frontend framework. Additionally, we will containerize our application using Docker and orchestrate the deployment using Docker Compose. In this article, we will…</blockquote>

<h3>4. How to make your Python Docker images secure, fast & small - <a href=https://medium.com/vantageai/how-to-make-your-python-docker-images-secure-fast-small-b3a6870373a0?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------3a2f995c_f8a8_4601_b41b_71a3e4e09063-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Björn van Dijkman`** , <date>Feb 20</date>

<blockquote>Exploring Image Layers and Implementing Multistage Builds —  In the world of microservices, having secure, efficient, and compact Docker images is crucial for successful deployments. This blog will explore the key factors that contribute to building such images, including the importance of not running images as the root user, updating and upgrading packages when building the image, considering…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Complete CI/CD pipeline with Jenkins-shared-library, Terraform, Jenkins, GitHub, and Amazon EKS - <a href=https://medium.com/@ganasai88/complete-ci-cd-pipeline-with-jenkins-shared-library-terraform-jenkins-github-and-amazon-eks-80f980cac6a1?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------3a2f995c_f8a8_4601_b41b_71a3e4e09063-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Ganasai`** , <date>Apr 23</date>

<blockquote>The above image clearly explains the complete process from scratch to the very end of deployment. Here I have set up the Jenkins pipeline using Jenkins File and Jenkins Shared Library. Jenkins Pipeline: — This supports Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment by automating all the steps like build, testing, and…</blockquote>

