
<h1>Relationships</h1>
<h3>1. How My Husband’s Sexuality Defined Our Marriage - <a href=https://medium.com/@UnbecomingStories/how-my-husbands-sexuality-defined-our-marriage-abbc2c90e451?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------140936fd_e36c_4145_b15a_22ff0b570710-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Unbecoming`** , <date>May 17</date>

<blockquote>And the lies I told myself “Ya, I’d do Taylor, but not Dave. He’s just not attractive. He has that neck thing.” This was my ex-husband’s observation while we sat on his landlord’s couch watching an old Foo Fighters concert. That had become our new-but-exactly-like-our-old routine. I went over to…</blockquote>

<h3>2. How To Make Friends As An Adult - <a href=https://medium.com/better-humans/how-to-make-friends-as-an-adult-77714f99fbbb?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------140936fd_e36c_4145_b15a_22ff0b570710-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `James Garrett, Writer & Neuroscience Entrepreneur`** , <date>Jun 16</date>

<blockquote>What I learned from introducing myself to a stranger every day for a month —  When I knocked on Dave’s* door — my next-door office neighbor who I hadn’t spoken to in the three months since he moved in — I could see the look in his eyes. It was that predictably awkward moment when he was trying to figure out why some random stranger…</blockquote>

<h3>3. 3 Habits That Will Make You Mentally Strong - <a href=https://medium.com/@nickwignall/3-habits-that-will-make-you-mentally-strong-4f7e95419a88?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------140936fd_e36c_4145_b15a_22ff0b570710-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nick Wignall`** , <date>Apr 2</date>

<blockquote>#2: Avoid unnecessary mental time travel —  Here’s how I think about mental strength: Mental strength is the ability to control your mind instead of being controlled by it. For example: Instead of getting sucked into spirals of self-criticism and shame, mental strength is what allows you to redirect your attention and thinking somewhere else less destructive…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Apparently, I Broke Up With Myself - <a href=https://medium.com/human-parts/apparently-i-broke-up-with-myself-f92dd6d8a952?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------140936fd_e36c_4145_b15a_22ff0b570710-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Roo Nesmith`** , <date>Jun 20</date>

<blockquote>My shitty boyfriend was just the messenger It was the look in his eyes when they finally met mine that scared me the most. The look made it real. Not the unthinkable things he was saying or the fact that his stuff was already packed and gone by the time…</blockquote>

<h3>5. 3 Critical Indicators of Emotional Neglect in a Marriage - <a href=https://medium.com/hello-love/3-critical-indicators-of-emotional-neglect-in-a-marriage-2de38c8960a5?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------140936fd_e36c_4145_b15a_22ff0b570710-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Colleen Sheehy Orme`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>My marriage counselor explained why my marriage felt lonely. —  “It feels lonely being married to you,” I say. “Sometimes I dream about being with someone who would really care about me.” My husband is disinterested and has no response to my words. I have ignited an intense battle. I just don’t know that yet. He is simmering with anger. …</blockquote>

