
<h1>Relationships</h1>
<h3>1. 4 Simple Habits for Peace of Mind - <a href=https://medium.com/@nickwignall/4-simple-habits-for-peace-of-mind-f2517e7bb631?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------618d3a82_c0db_4a4f_9a5e_49c7afc2d4a9-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nick Wignall`** , <date>4 days ago</date>

<blockquote>#1: Manage stressors, not stress —  When times are tough, it’s easy to get lost in spirals of stress and anxiety — endlessly worrying about the future, obsessively ruminating on the past, and procrastinating on the goals that matter most. Unfortunately, many of the habits we fall into during difficult times only make our stress worse…</blockquote>

<h3>2. 3 Habits That Will Make You Mentally Strong - <a href=https://medium.com/@nickwignall/3-habits-that-will-make-you-mentally-strong-4f7e95419a88?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------618d3a82_c0db_4a4f_9a5e_49c7afc2d4a9-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nick Wignall`** , <date>Apr 2</date>

<blockquote>#2: Avoid unnecessary mental time travel —  Here’s how I think about mental strength: Mental strength is the ability to control your mind instead of being controlled by it. For example: Instead of getting sucked into spirals of self-criticism and shame, mental strength is what allows you to redirect your attention and thinking somewhere else less destructive…</blockquote>

<h3>3. One Month, No Sex — What It Taught Me About My Marriage. - <a href=https://medium.com/heart-affairs/one-month-no-sex-what-it-taught-me-about-my-marriage-915ce4dba5f7?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------618d3a82_c0db_4a4f_9a5e_49c7afc2d4a9-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Eva Grape`** , <date>Updated May 23</date>

<blockquote>Five lessons anyone married should know. —  For one month, there was no sex in my marriage — no intimate touches, no stolen kisses. A closed bedroom door became a silent symbol of an unspoken barrier. The accumulating tension was palpable, yet it brought revelations and unexpected growth. This experience, like diving into icy waters, shocked and…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Apparently, I Broke Up With Myself - <a href=https://medium.com/human-parts/apparently-i-broke-up-with-myself-f92dd6d8a952?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------618d3a82_c0db_4a4f_9a5e_49c7afc2d4a9-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Roo Nesmith`** , <date>Jun 20</date>

<blockquote>My shitty boyfriend was just the messenger It was the look in his eyes when they finally met mine that scared me the most. The look made it real. Not the unthinkable things he was saying or the fact that his stuff was already packed and gone by the time…</blockquote>

<h3>5. How My Husband’s Sexuality Defined Our Marriage - <a href=https://medium.com/@UnbecomingStories/how-my-husbands-sexuality-defined-our-marriage-abbc2c90e451?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------618d3a82_c0db_4a4f_9a5e_49c7afc2d4a9-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Unbecoming`** , <date>May 17</date>

<blockquote>And the lies I told myself “Ya, I’d do Taylor, but not Dave. He’s just not attractive. He has that neck thing.” This was my ex-husband’s observation while we sat on his landlord’s couch watching an old Foo Fighters concert. That had become our new-but-exactly-like-our-old routine. I went over to…</blockquote>

