
<h1>Relationships</h1>
<h3>1. 4 Simple Habits for Peace of Mind - <a href=https://medium.com/@nickwignall/4-simple-habits-for-peace-of-mind-f2517e7bb631?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------2c16c186_ca8f_453f_a9b0_91fde7103e39-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nick Wignall`** , <date>5 days ago</date>

<blockquote>#1: Manage stressors, not stress —  When times are tough, it’s easy to get lost in spirals of stress and anxiety — endlessly worrying about the future, obsessively ruminating on the past, and procrastinating on the goals that matter most. Unfortunately, many of the habits we fall into during difficult times only make our stress worse…</blockquote>

<h3>2. One Month, No Sex — What It Taught Me About My Marriage. - <a href=https://medium.com/heart-affairs/one-month-no-sex-what-it-taught-me-about-my-marriage-915ce4dba5f7?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------2c16c186_ca8f_453f_a9b0_91fde7103e39-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Eva Grape`** , <date>Updated May 23</date>

<blockquote>Five lessons anyone married should know. —  For one month, there was no sex in my marriage — no intimate touches, no stolen kisses. A closed bedroom door became a silent symbol of an unspoken barrier. The accumulating tension was palpable, yet it brought revelations and unexpected growth. This experience, like diving into icy waters, shocked and…</blockquote>

<h3>3. 3 Habits That Will Make You Mentally Strong - <a href=https://medium.com/@nickwignall/3-habits-that-will-make-you-mentally-strong-4f7e95419a88?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------2c16c186_ca8f_453f_a9b0_91fde7103e39-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nick Wignall`** , <date>Apr 2</date>

<blockquote>#2: Avoid unnecessary mental time travel —  Here’s how I think about mental strength: Mental strength is the ability to control your mind instead of being controlled by it. For example: Instead of getting sucked into spirals of self-criticism and shame, mental strength is what allows you to redirect your attention and thinking somewhere else less destructive…</blockquote>

<h3>4. The №1 Trigger for a Midlife Crisis, a Psychologist Says - <a href=https://medium.com/on-the-couch/the-1-trigger-for-a-midlife-crisis-a-psychologist-says-c0fbcf349981?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------2c16c186_ca8f_453f_a9b0_91fde7103e39-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Karen Nimmo`** , <date>4 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Gaze into the abyss and you might not like what you see. —  “I think he’s having a midlife crisis,” my client said. She was referring to her partner of 12 years who had started dieting, cycling and piling self-improvement books beside the bed. He’d also become more critical of her and was constantly picking fights over trivial things. “I don’t think he’s…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Can We Talk About Women’s Loneliness Crisis for a Moment? - <a href=https://medium.com/@yaelwolfe/can-we-talk-about-womens-loneliness-crisis-for-a-moment-18b89297a9c1?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------2c16c186_ca8f_453f_a9b0_91fde7103e39-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Yael Wolfe`** , <date>2 days ago</date>

<blockquote>I promise, if you would just listen, this would solve your problem, too… —  Can you guess how many women were so catastrophically affected by marriage or heterosexual partnerships that they never want to date or marry again? Yes, I understand men have had bad experiences in romantic partnerships, too, but can we talk about women for a moment? Can you guess that number? …</blockquote>

