
<h1>App Development</h1>
<h3>1. Offline First Approach With Flutter - <a href=https://medium.com/arkitek-r-d/offline-first-approach-with-flutter-ace2843d36d8?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------b26583a7_cb37_4236_b466_20e62b413d4d-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tugba Çekirge`** , <date>Jun 14</date>

<blockquote>Hello! My name is Tugba; I am acting as a software development team lead at Arkitek R&D. In Arkitek, we are building mobile, desktop, and web applications using technologies such as VueJS, Flutter, and C#. Since 2021, we have been developing our web/mobile projects in Flutter, and needless to say…</blockquote>

<h3>2. 5 Best Mobile App Ideas For Startups To Launch In 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/@innow8apps/5-best-mobile-app-ideas-for-startups-to-launch-in-2023-42dfcdb8dca5?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------b26583a7_cb37_4236_b466_20e62b413d4d-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Innow8apps`** , <date>Apr 25</date>

<blockquote>Numerous business possibilities have recently been available to entrepreneurs all around the world thanks to the development of technology. Due to the rising popularity of mobile applications, company owners are continuously looking for innovative ways to improve their operations. Mobile apps provide several creative options for addressing customer requirements in…</blockquote>

<h3>3. The New Expo CLI - <a href=https://medium.com/the-exponent-log/the-new-expo-cli-f4250d8e3421?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------b26583a7_cb37_4236_b466_20e62b413d4d-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Evan Bacon`** , <date>Aug 11, 2022</date>

<blockquote>In Expo SDK 46 we introduced a new “Local Expo CLI”, to replace the “Global Expo CLI” (npm i -g expo-cli). Unlike the global CLI, the local CLI is installed in every project and stays versioned with the runtime code — meaning projects are easier to set up, stay working…</blockquote>

<h3>4. 10 More Deadly SwiftUI Mistakes and How to Avoid Them - <a href=https://medium.com/dev-genius/10-more-deadly-swiftui-mistakes-and-how-to-avoid-them-de0952f1766c?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------b26583a7_cb37_4236_b466_20e62b413d4d-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Computer Science Diaries`** , <date>Jun 9</date>

<blockquote>SwiftUI has revolutionized how developers create user interfaces for Apple platforms. Its declarative syntax and powerful tools have become the go-to framework for building iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS applications. However, even experienced SwiftUI developers can make mistakes that lead to unexpected bugs and performance issues. This article will explore…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Can Mobile App Development Make You a Millionaire? How? - <a href=https://medium.com/@anonwit/can-mobile-app-development-make-you-a-millionaire-how-4d3989bd686?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------b26583a7_cb37_4236_b466_20e62b413d4d-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Thanos`** , <date>Jan 24</date>

<blockquote>Short answer is Probably YES. Long answer is it needs time and work. —  I do not stipulate that everyone can become a millionaire by creating mobile apps. If this was the case, everyone would do it. But that’s not the case. In my opinion and experience, it takes a combination of knowledge, patience, willingness to learn, and overall work. Knowledge is Key, And It Can Be Acquired Easier Than in The Past</blockquote>

