
<h1>App Development</h1>
<h3>1. Offline First Approach With Flutter - <a href=https://medium.com/arkitek-r-d/offline-first-approach-with-flutter-ace2843d36d8?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------91fa8965_8700_49bc_8a09_c31a2acb16b8-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Tugba Çekirge`** , <date>Jun 14</date>

<blockquote>Hello! My name is Tugba; I am acting as a software development team lead at Arkitek R&D. In Arkitek, we are building mobile, desktop, and web applications using technologies such as VueJS, Flutter, and C#. Since 2021, we have been developing our web/mobile projects in Flutter, and needless to say…</blockquote>

<h3>2. 4 Flutter Open Source Projects From Which You Can Learn A Lot! (2023) - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/4-flutter-open-source-projects-from-which-you-can-learn-a-lot-2023-c83d545a5312?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------91fa8965_8700_49bc_8a09_c31a2acb16b8-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Max Zimmermann 💡`** , <date>4 days ago</date>

<blockquote>I have put together the best Flutter open-source projects to see new packages in action, learn about best practices, and get inspired! Table of Contents Introduction 1. I/O FLIP 2. Fwitter (Twitter clone) 3. Very Good Wear OS App 4. Dino Run Conclusion Introduction It does not depend on your programming level. Every developer…</blockquote>

<h3>3. The New Expo CLI - <a href=https://medium.com/the-exponent-log/the-new-expo-cli-f4250d8e3421?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------91fa8965_8700_49bc_8a09_c31a2acb16b8-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Evan Bacon`** , <date>Aug 11, 2022</date>

<blockquote>In Expo SDK 46 we introduced a new “Local Expo CLI”, to replace the “Global Expo CLI” (npm i -g expo-cli). Unlike the global CLI, the local CLI is installed in every project and stays versioned with the runtime code — meaning projects are easier to set up, stay working…</blockquote>

<h3>4. 10 More Deadly SwiftUI Mistakes and How to Avoid Them - <a href=https://medium.com/dev-genius/10-more-deadly-swiftui-mistakes-and-how-to-avoid-them-de0952f1766c?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------91fa8965_8700_49bc_8a09_c31a2acb16b8-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Computer Science Diaries`** , <date>Jun 9</date>

<blockquote>SwiftUI has revolutionized how developers create user interfaces for Apple platforms. Its declarative syntax and powerful tools have become the go-to framework for building iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS applications. However, even experienced SwiftUI developers can make mistakes that lead to unexpected bugs and performance issues. This article will explore…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Can Mobile App Development Make You a Millionaire? How? - <a href=https://medium.com/@anonwit/can-mobile-app-development-make-you-a-millionaire-how-4d3989bd686?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------91fa8965_8700_49bc_8a09_c31a2acb16b8-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Thanos`** , <date>Jan 24</date>

<blockquote>Short answer is Probably YES. Long answer is it needs time and work. —  I do not stipulate that everyone can become a millionaire by creating mobile apps. If this was the case, everyone would do it. But that’s not the case. In my opinion and experience, it takes a combination of knowledge, patience, willingness to learn, and overall work. Knowledge is Key, And It Can Be Acquired Easier Than in The Past</blockquote>

