
<h1>Android</h1>
<h3>1. Android Data Repository — A simple pattern that we often misunderstand - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/android-data-repository-a-simple-pattern-that-we-often-misunderstand-6a6fb13b5a81?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------a607690d_bc73_493c_9caa_8cf92c7a8a6a-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Marcin Piekielny`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>Scaling Android Architecture #5 —  If you develop Android applications, then I’m pretty sure that you have some sort of Repository classes in your codebase. This pattern has been with us for quite a long time. It is strongly promoted by Google itself as a main building block of the Data Layer in their guide…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Crafting a Clock in Jetpack Compose with Canvas - <a href=https://medium.com/proandroiddev/crafting-a-clock-with-canvas-9b1ad430da72?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------a607690d_bc73_493c_9caa_8cf92c7a8a6a-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nikhil Mandlik`** , <date>Jun 25</date>

<blockquote>In this blog, I will explain how we can implement this using the Compose Canvas API. I’ll also cover the mathematical concepts related to calculating coordinates on a circle and drawing shapes and text around those coordinates, Many of the formulas used here have been derived through trial and error…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Kotlin Multiplatform, Compose Multiplatform: Apple’s Strategic Failure - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/kmp-cm-apples-strategic-failure-cb758c24f824?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------a607690d_bc73_493c_9caa_8cf92c7a8a6a-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Michael Long`** , <date>Updated Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>If Apple will not lead, then someone else will do so. —  “The Kotlin Multiplatform technology is designed to simplify the development of cross-platform projects. It reduces time spent writing and maintaining the same code for different platforms while retaining the flexibility and benefits of native programming.” ~ Kotlin.org It’s the Holy Grail of mobile application developers — and management — everywhere.</blockquote>

<h3>4. Performance With Jetpack Compose — Part 1 - <a href=https://medium.com/proandroiddev/performance-with-jetpack-compose-part-1-4867882949e7?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------a607690d_bc73_493c_9caa_8cf92c7a8a6a-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Udit Verma`** , <date>6 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Part 2 of this blog post series can be accessed here. Jetpack Compose is a modern UI toolkit for building native Android apps using Kotlin. It provides a declarative approach to building user interfaces, allowing developers to easily create and manage UI components. It's fairly new but still looks very…</blockquote>

<h3>5. The Art of Small Animations in Android with Jetpack Compose - <a href=https://medium.com/@rodrigomartind/the-art-of-small-animations-in-android-with-jetpack-compose-566caa94deba?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------a607690d_bc73_493c_9caa_8cf92c7a8a6a-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Rodrigo Dominguez`** , <date>Jun 6</date>

<blockquote>Small details that make a difference for Users —  During the past few years, I have immersed myself in exploring and learning various animations in Android. Every day, I delve into creating and discovering new ways to bring interfaces to life in our applications. In this article, I want to share with you some of the small animations I…</blockquote>

