
<h1>ReactJS</h1>
<h3>1. Decoupling UI and Logic in React: A Clean Code Approach with Headless Components - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/decoupling-ui-and-logic-in-react-a-clean-code-approach-with-headless-components-82e46b5820c?source=tag_page---------0-84--------------------a2df23af_4933_4cae_8742_c2d63ca3afc0-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Juntao Qiu`** , <date>2 days ago</date>

<blockquote>In the realm of front-end development, terms and paradigms can sometimes be mystifying, and ‘headless UI’ or ‘headless components’ may very well belong to this category. If you’re scratching your head wondering what these mean, you’re not alone. In fact, despite the confusing moniker, these concepts are compelling strategies that…</blockquote>

<h3>2. How to Implement Feature Gates in React? - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/how-to-implement-feature-gates-in-react-beee53e317c9?source=tag_page---------1-84--------------------a2df23af_4933_4cae_8742_c2d63ca3afc0-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Eshank Vaish`** , <date>1 day ago</date>

<blockquote>A feature gate is a high-level tool that allows teams to configure what features are accessible to the user without updating the application code. —  In modern software development, feature gates, often called feature toggles or feature flags, are essential tools for controlling the release of new features. In this article, we‘ll explore how to implement build-time feature gates in a React application.</blockquote>

<h3>3. Expo SDK 49 - <a href=https://medium.com/the-exponent-log/expo-sdk-49-c6d398cdf740?source=tag_page---------2-84--------------------a2df23af_4933_4cae_8742_c2d63ca3afc0-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Brent Vatne`** , <date>2 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Today we’re announcing the release of Expo SDK 49. SDK 49 includes React Native 0.72.1. Thank you to everyone who helped with beta testing. ⚠️ Important: Due to a regression in the Hermes debugger for Android in React Native 0.72 (see GitHub for context), we recommend waiting before upgrading to…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Implementing context api in react js. - <a href=https://medium.com/@nikeshkumartk2020/implementing-context-api-in-react-js-ac9197c8a0ad?source=tag_page---------3-84--------------------a2df23af_4933_4cae_8742_c2d63ca3afc0-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nikesh Kumar`** , <date>6 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>In react context api is used to make certain data acessible to all the components of our app.Even if there are many state management solutions like Redux, Zustand etc, context api is still the better option if your app is not dealing with complex states. Lets implement the context for…</blockquote>

<h3>5. React Quiz on JSX #01: React JSX complete guide - <a href=https://medium.com/@quizzesforyou/react-quiz-on-jsx-01-react-jsx-complete-guide-5d7996fa2a1f?source=tag_page---------4-84--------------------a2df23af_4933_4cae_8742_c2d63ca3afc0-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `quizzesforyou.com`** , <date>22 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>Check out the interactive React JSX quiz @ https://quizzesforyou.com/quiz/reactjsx This article explains What is React JSX? How to use React JSX? with suitable examples and test your understanding by taking the quiz. JSX Quick Refresher: JSX Syntax: JSX — JavaScript XML is a syntax extension for JavaScript that allows you to write HTML-like…</blockquote>

