
<h1>Web Views</h1>
<h3>1. Flutter WebView JavaScript Communication — InAppWebView 5 - <a href=https://medium.com/flutter-community/flutter-webview-javascript-communication-inappwebview-5-403088610949?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------ab80ae92_f22a_4f07_9db7_a1e68a3704c7-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Lorenzo Pichilli`** , <date>Updated Apr 19, 2021</date>

<blockquote>In this in-depth tutorial, I’m going to explain how you can communicate from Dart (Flutter WebView) to JavaScript and vice-versa using my flutter_inappwebview plugin (at the time of this writing, the latest release is 5.3.2). There are 3 main ways to enable this 2-way communication: JavaScript Handlers; Web Message Channels; …</blockquote>

<h3>2. Passing cookie and session storage values to an in-app webview in Flutter - <a href=https://medium.com/@sonawanedipak111/passing-cookie-and-session-storage-values-to-an-in-app-webview-in-flutter-276cb19a2f7a?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------ab80ae92_f22a_4f07_9db7_a1e68a3704c7-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Dipak Sonawane`** , <date>Jan 19</date>

<blockquote>Hello everyone,
Flutter is a popular open-source framework for developing mobile apps that run on both iOS and Android. One of the powerful features of Flutter is its ability to embed web content within a mobile app using a widget called InAppWebView. In this blog post, we will take a look…</blockquote>

<h3>3. WebView in SwiftUI - <a href=https://medium.com/devtechie/webview-in-swiftui-a9c283f29327?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------ab80ae92_f22a_4f07_9db7_a1e68a3704c7-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `DevTechie`** , <date>Mar 2, 2022</date>

<blockquote>Link control was launched with iOS 14 and makes it easy for us to launch web page from a URL. ScrollViews in iOS 17 & SwiftUI 5
WWDC23 brought new additions to ScrollView that makes the UI development with ScrollView not only fun and easy but it…www.devtechie.com For example, following code will launch DevTechie.com website using URL(go check it out while you are at it 😉) struct WebPageExample: View {
    var body: some View…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Android WebView Hacking — Enable WebView Debugging - <a href=https://medium.com/bugbountywriteup/android-webview-hacking-enable-webview-debugging-d292b53f7a63?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------ab80ae92_f22a_4f07_9db7_a1e68a3704c7-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nishith K`** , <date>Jul 14, 2022</date>

<blockquote>TL;DR If you ever come across applications which are using javascript and WebView, these tricks will help you debug the applications easily. There are two methods to enable WebView debugging: Smali modification Using Frida tool Introduction There are so many apps out there which are simply wrappers around web pages, or web…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Inject JS into Android’s WebView - <a href=https://medium.com/@skywall/inject-js-into-androids-webview-8845fb5902b7?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------ab80ae92_f22a_4f07_9db7_a1e68a3704c7-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Lukáš Sztefek`** , <date>Dec 27, 2019</date>

<blockquote>WebView gives developers an easy way to embed a web-based application into an Android app with almost no code. Just give it some URL, and it works. Things become interesting when you want to track a user’s interaction within the context of WebView. This article describes how to implement a…</blockquote>

