
<h1>NextJS</h1>
<h3>1. Next.js 13.4: A Game-Changer for Front-End Development! - <a href=https://medium.com/@prashantg9912/how-nextjs-13-4-will-change-front-end-development-883546209786?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------e4152a8a_b17f_4c94_8a95_c66bb09eff38-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Prashant Gupta`** , <date>May 13</date>

<blockquote>Vercel recently launched NextJs 13.4 Stable version as a serve-client front-end framework. But we are more interested how this will change the web development flow. 😉 Many people will compare it with Php or will say “This is what we were doing in PHP 10 years ago”, the answer is…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Powering Your App: Unleashing the Potential of NestJS, MongoDB, Redis, NextJs and Docker - <a href=https://medium.com/@imahmudul/powering-your-app-unleashing-the-potential-of-nestjs-mongodb-redis-nextjs-and-docker-106afe2aab3?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------e4152a8a_b17f_4c94_8a95_c66bb09eff38-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Mahmudul Hasan`** , <date>Jun 10</date>

<blockquote>MERN Stack & Beyond —  We will explore how to build a full-stack application using NestJS as the backend framework, MongoDB as the database, Redis as the cache manager, and Next.js as the frontend framework. Additionally, we will containerize our application using Docker and orchestrate the deployment using Docker Compose. In this article, we will…</blockquote>

<h3>3. 8 Things You Should Know About Next.js 13 - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/8-things-you-should-know-about-next-js-13-969291f168ec?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------e4152a8a_b17f_4c94_8a95_c66bb09eff38-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Ryan C. Collins`** , <date>May 15</date>

<blockquote>The top things every JavaScript developer should know about Next.js 13 —  As I wrote about in my last article, the Next.js 13 App Router is finally stable as of version 13.4 and that means that it’s time to start considering using it in your next project. In this article, we’ll dive into Next.js 13 and explore several things that you should…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Next.js 13.4 is Finally Here and It’s Awesome! - <a href=https://medium.com/bitsrc/next-js-13-4-is-finally-here-and-its-awesome-e9f5b27bccda?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------e4152a8a_b17f_4c94_8a95_c66bb09eff38-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Ryan C. Collins`** , <date>May 9</date>

<blockquote>Dive into some of the features and improvements that come with this release. —  This past week, the Vercel team posted a major announcement on their blog about the release of Next.js 13.4. To provide more context about why this is such an important release, we need to understand how the Vercel team handles releases to the public. Next.js 13 introduced new many new…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Full Stack Next.js Notion Clone — Clerk, Prisma, Planetscale, TipTap, Shadcn/UI - <a href=https://medium.com/gitconnected/full-stack-next-js-notion-clone-clerk-prisma-planetscale-tiptap-shadcn-ui-5cae5ad7bfc7?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------e4152a8a_b17f_4c94_8a95_c66bb09eff38-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Lukas Wimhofer`** , <date>Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>Complete tutorial on how to create a full stack Next.js application including the configuration of a Notion-style WYSIWYG editor. —  I know, this is a big one. However, I wanted to create an article that provides a complete picture. Therefore I did not split it into multiple parts but rather combine all of the steps needed to create an app like this in one place. Feel free to skip ahead…</blockquote>

