
<h1>Kubernetes</h1>
<h3>1. How To Learn Kubernetes (Complete Roadmap & Resources) - <a href=https://medium.com/dailydevopstips/how-to-learn-kubernetes-complete-roadmap-resources-a853723ae61a?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------a2de48a6_3cdc_4add_802c_88586e6ce002-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bibin Wilson`** , <date>Apr 29</date>

<blockquote>Originally published at https://devopscube.com on April 29, 2023. Learning Kubernetes can seem overwhelming. It’s a complex container orchestration system, that has a steep learning curve. But with the right roadmap and understanding of the foundational concepts, it’s something that any developer or ops person can learn. In this Kubernetes learning…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Saying Goodbye to Ingress: Embracing the Future of Kubernetes Traffic Management with Gateway API and Cilium - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/saying-goodbye-to-ingress-embracing-the-future-of-kubernetes-traffic-management-with-gateway-api-6584b7b8f913?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------a2de48a6_3cdc_4add_802c_88586e6ce002-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Seifeddine Rajhi`** , <date>May 30</date>

<blockquote>☸ ️Introduction: In the dynamic world of Kubernetes, managing ingress traffic efficiently and securely has always been a crucial challenge. However, a groundbreaking solution has emerged, promising to transform the way we handle traffic routing within Kubernetes clusters. Meet the Gateway API: a long-term replacement for Kubernetes Ingress that brings a wealth…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Taking Kubernetes to the Next Level: Discovering Compliant Kubernetes Solution for Advanced Security and Observability - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/taking-kubernetes-to-the-next-level-discovering-compliant-kubernetes-solution-for-advanced-58d9cd34f7f6?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------a2de48a6_3cdc_4add_802c_88586e6ce002-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Seifeddine Rajhi`** , <date>Jun 14</date>

<blockquote>Achieving GDPR and ISO 27001 Compliance in Kubernetes: Essential Tips for Production Workloads 🏗 Introduction: As companies increasingly leverage Kubernetes for running production workloads, ensuring compliance with data protection regulations and information security standards becomes paramount. Achieving GDPR and ISO 27001 compliance in a Kubernetes environment requires a well-rounded approach that…</blockquote>

<h3>4. DevOps Big Picture (On-Premises) - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/devops-big-picture-on-premises-d07f61d6c34c?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------a2de48a6_3cdc_4add_802c_88586e6ce002-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Mahdi Mallaki`** , <date>Jun 18</date>

<blockquote>An overview of DevOps best practices and tools for on-premises environments Introduction Recently, I conducted an internet search to find an overview of DevOps, aiming to assess the existing tools and practices within our company. Despite the abundance of DevOps tools and practices, I could not locate a comprehensive overview. Therefore…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Istio Multi-Cluster Setup - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/istio-multi-cluster-setup-b773313c074a?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------a2de48a6_3cdc_4add_802c_88586e6ce002-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Mahdi Mallaki`** , <date>5 days ago</date>

<blockquote>A guide to connecting Istio meshes across different Kubernetes clusters. Introduction As organizations embrace cloud-native architectures and deploy applications across multiple Kubernetes clusters, the need arises for seamless communication and management between these clusters. Istio, a popular service mesh solution, offers a powerful solution for connecting and orchestrating applications deployed across…</blockquote>

