
<h1>TypeScript</h1>
<h3>1. Introduction to TypeScript: A Strongly Typed Superset of JavaScript - <a href=https://medium.com/@codingmadesimple/introduction-to-typescript-a-strongly-typed-superset-of-javascript-579d6c0bf22?source=tag_page---------0-84--------------------49f4c90d_eb97_4f8d_9154_5e27953c9955-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Coding Made Simple`** , <date>4 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Hey there, fellow JavaScript coders! Today, I want to take you on a journey to explore the wonderful world of TypeScript — a powerful and flexible language that enhances your JavaScript development experience. …</blockquote>

<h3>2. How to use OpenCV.js with TypeScript - <a href=https://medium.com/@dev-afzalansari/how-to-use-opencv-js-with-typescript-31095fd5a2fe?source=tag_page---------1-84--------------------49f4c90d_eb97_4f8d_9154_5e27953c9955-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Afzal Ansari`** , <date>Jun 20</date>

<blockquote>You can get the official build of OpenCV.js either by downloading the opencv.js script from the release or by using a script tag that loads opencv.js from the official documentation. Learn more here. Whatever technique you use to include the script in your app you are not getting types for…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Tips for Writing TypeScript Like a Pro - <a href=https://medium.com/@oguzhansezer/tips-for-writing-typescript-like-a-pro-930852de89c8?source=tag_page---------2-84--------------------49f4c90d_eb97_4f8d_9154_5e27953c9955-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Oğuzhan Sezer`** , <date>Jun 19</date>

<blockquote>I don’t frequently get the chance to use TypeScript at my workplace, and just like any non-repetitive information, I occasionally forget the best practices or useful tips and tricks. If you are in a similar situation and want to enhance your TypeScript skills, this article is tailored for you. 1 — Use Generics Okay…</blockquote>

<h3>4. 8 Expert TypeScript Tricks That Will Take Your Code to the Next Level - <a href=https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/8-expert-typescript-tricks-that-will-take-your-code-to-the-next-level-9b5bb79da880?source=tag_page---------3-84--------------------49f4c90d_eb97_4f8d_9154_5e27953c9955-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `CodeCircuit`** , <date>Jun 8</date>

<blockquote>From advanced type inference to clever error handling, discover the secrets that will propel your programming skills to the next level. —  Welcome to this amazing guide that is going to boost your TypeScript game. Let’s dive right in! Ever wondered what TypeScript is? TypeScript is a super-set of JavaScript, which primarily provides optional static typing, classes, and interfaces. Why TypeScript? Why would you use TypeScript, you ask? TypeScript makes it easier to write…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Why you should use {} instead of Object.create(null) - <a href=https://medium.com/@sean-xiao/why-you-should-use-instead-of-object-create-null-be22838c3038?source=tag_page---------4-84--------------------49f4c90d_eb97_4f8d_9154_5e27953c9955-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Sean`** , <date>Jun 6</date>

<blockquote>In my time, I have noticed some controversy over whether to use {} or Object.create(null) to create an empty object so I’m writing this article to share some of my findings. First of all, let’s answer the question of “what’s the difference between {} and Object.create(null) ”. The simple answer…</blockquote>

