
<h1>Docker</h1>
<h3>1. Don't Install Python for Data Science. Use Docker Instead! - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/dont-install-python-for-data-science-use-docker-instead-bb61c585febc?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------09f56348_6049_4a30_82a2_be5923c513fd-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Maurício Cordeiro`** , <date>May 11</date>

<blockquote>A beginner's step-by-step guide to start using Docker Containers for Data Science development and avoid complex Python environment managers. —  Introduction Docker containers provide a lightweight and efficient way to package and deploy applications, making it easier to move them between different environments, such as development, testing, and production. However, while Docker is widely used for deployment, it has been underutilized by developers for their day-to-day work. Many developers still rely…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Docker For the Modern Data Scientists: 6 Concepts You Can’t Ignore in 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/towards-data-science/docker-for-the-modern-data-scientists-6-concepts-you-cant-ignore-in-2023-8c9477e1f4a5?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------09f56348_6049_4a30_82a2_be5923c513fd-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bex T.`** , <date>Jun 7</date>

<blockquote>An illustrated guide to the cool, essential tool —  This is by far one of the funniest memes I’ve ever seen: It touches on one of the most painful problems not just in data science and ML but in all of programming — sharing applications/scripts and making the darn things work on others’ machines as well. While Microsoft…</blockquote>

<h3>3. How to make your Python Docker images secure, fast & small - <a href=https://medium.com/vantageai/how-to-make-your-python-docker-images-secure-fast-small-b3a6870373a0?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------09f56348_6049_4a30_82a2_be5923c513fd-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Björn van Dijkman`** , <date>Feb 20</date>

<blockquote>Exploring Image Layers and Implementing Multistage Builds —  In the world of microservices, having secure, efficient, and compact Docker images is crucial for successful deployments. This blog will explore the key factors that contribute to building such images, including the importance of not running images as the root user, updating and upgrading packages when building the image, considering…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Powering Your App: Unleashing the Potential of NestJS, MongoDB, Redis, NextJs and Docker - <a href=https://medium.com/@imahmudul/powering-your-app-unleashing-the-potential-of-nestjs-mongodb-redis-nextjs-and-docker-106afe2aab3?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------09f56348_6049_4a30_82a2_be5923c513fd-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Mahmudul Hasan`** , <date>Jun 10</date>

<blockquote>MERN Stack & Beyond —  We will explore how to build a full-stack application using NestJS as the backend framework, MongoDB as the database, Redis as the cache manager, and Next.js as the frontend framework. Additionally, we will containerize our application using Docker and orchestrate the deployment using Docker Compose. In this article, we will…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Deploying Spring Boot application on K8S 🌻 - <a href=https://medium.com/@rajani103/deploying-spring-boot-application-on-k8s-25d64c218def?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------09f56348_6049_4a30_82a2_be5923c513fd-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Rajani Ekunde`** , <date>3 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Hello there🌻 In this article, we will be deploying a Java Spring Boot Application on Kubernetes. Here is the flow chart of the project deployment. Steps that are done in the Project are as follow: Set up the cloud server Install the dependencies Set up Mini-Kube Clone the Repository Configure…</blockquote>

