
<h1>Docker</h1>
<h3>1. Don't Install Python for Data Science. Use Docker Instead! - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/dont-install-python-for-data-science-use-docker-instead-bb61c585febc?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------4cf8618d_224e_45d5_8e49_39a024c54aa6-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Maurício Cordeiro`** , <date>May 11</date>

<blockquote>A beginner's step-by-step guide to start using Docker Containers for Data Science development and avoid complex Python environment managers. —  Introduction Docker containers provide a lightweight and efficient way to package and deploy applications, making it easier to move them between different environments, such as development, testing, and production. However, while Docker is widely used for deployment, it has been underutilized by developers for their day-to-day work. Many developers still rely…</blockquote>

<h3>2. How to make your Python Docker images secure, fast & small - <a href=https://medium.com/vantageai/how-to-make-your-python-docker-images-secure-fast-small-b3a6870373a0?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------4cf8618d_224e_45d5_8e49_39a024c54aa6-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Björn van Dijkman`** , <date>Feb 20</date>

<blockquote>Exploring Image Layers and Implementing Multistage Builds —  In the world of microservices, having secure, efficient, and compact Docker images is crucial for successful deployments. This blog will explore the key factors that contribute to building such images, including the importance of not running images as the root user, updating and upgrading packages when building the image, considering…</blockquote>

<h3>3. Docker For the Modern Data Scientists: 6 Concepts You Can’t Ignore in 2023 - <a href=https://medium.com/towards-data-science/docker-for-the-modern-data-scientists-6-concepts-you-cant-ignore-in-2023-8c9477e1f4a5?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------4cf8618d_224e_45d5_8e49_39a024c54aa6-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Bex T.`** , <date>Jun 7</date>

<blockquote>An illustrated guide to the cool, essential tool —  This is by far one of the funniest memes I’ve ever seen: It touches on one of the most painful problems not just in data science and ML but in all of programming — sharing applications/scripts and making the darn things work on others’ machines as well. While Microsoft…</blockquote>

<h3>4. How to deploy your code on a Docker Container using Jenkins on AWS - <a href=https://medium.com/@mudasirhaji/how-to-deploy-your-code-on-a-docker-container-using-jenkins-on-aws-2a8eca3159aa?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------4cf8618d_224e_45d5_8e49_39a024c54aa6-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Mudasir`** , <date>May 11</date>

<blockquote>In this blog, we are going to deploy a Java Web app on a Docker Container built on an EC2 Instance through the use of Jenkins. Agenda: Setup Jenkins Setup & Configure Maven and Git Integrating GitHub and Maven with Jenkins Setup Docker Host Integrate Docker with Jenkins Automate the…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Deploying Spring Boot application on K8S 🌻 - <a href=https://medium.com/@rajani103/deploying-spring-boot-application-on-k8s-25d64c218def?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------4cf8618d_224e_45d5_8e49_39a024c54aa6-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Rajani Ekunde`** , <date>5 days ago</date>

<blockquote>Hello there🌻 In this article, we will be deploying a Java Spring Boot Application on Kubernetes. Here is the flow chart of the project deployment. Steps that are done in the Project are as follow: Set up the cloud server Install the dependencies Set up Mini-Kube Clone the Repository Configure…</blockquote>

