
<h1>Android</h1>
<h3>1. Android Data Repository — A simple pattern that we often misunderstand - <a href=https://medium.com/itnext/android-data-repository-a-simple-pattern-that-we-often-misunderstand-6a6fb13b5a81?source=tag_page---------0-85--------------------3b2137e6_99aa_491a_8384_c3cdcf695e1b-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Marcin Piekielny`** , <date>Jun 21</date>

<blockquote>Scaling Android Architecture #5 —  If you develop Android applications, then I’m pretty sure that you have some sort of Repository classes in your codebase. This pattern has been with us for quite a long time. It is strongly promoted by Google itself as a main building block of the Data Layer in their guide…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Kotlin Multiplatform, Compose Multiplatform: Apple’s Strategic Failure - <a href=https://medium.com/better-programming/kmp-cm-apples-strategic-failure-cb758c24f824?source=tag_page---------1-85--------------------3b2137e6_99aa_491a_8384_c3cdcf695e1b-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Michael Long`** , <date>Updated Jun 23</date>

<blockquote>If Apple will not lead, then someone else will do so. —  “The Kotlin Multiplatform technology is designed to simplify the development of cross-platform projects. It reduces time spent writing and maintaining the same code for different platforms while retaining the flexibility and benefits of native programming.” ~ Kotlin.org It’s the Holy Grail of mobile application developers — and management — everywhere.</blockquote>

<h3>3. Crafting a Clock in Jetpack Compose with Canvas - <a href=https://medium.com/proandroiddev/crafting-a-clock-with-canvas-9b1ad430da72?source=tag_page---------2-85--------------------3b2137e6_99aa_491a_8384_c3cdcf695e1b-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nikhil Mandlik`** , <date>4 days ago</date>

<blockquote>In this blog, I will explain how we can implement this using the Compose Canvas API. I’ll also cover the mathematical concepts related to calculating coordinates on a circle and drawing shapes and text around those coordinates, Many of the formulas used here have been derived through trial and…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Coroutines : From Naive to Pro - <a href=https://medium.com/@nikhil.cse16/coroutines-from-naive-to-pro-11062ea47112?source=tag_page---------3-85--------------------3b2137e6_99aa_491a_8384_c3cdcf695e1b-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Nikhil Bajpai`** , <date>May 27</date>

<blockquote>Introduction to why coroutines —  Hi!! , this article is for anyone who is curious about Kotlin Coroutines but has no idea “What it is ?” or “What problem it solves ?” or “Why to use it ?” or “How it is beneficial to us ?” or “Why not threads ?” . Okay so we…</blockquote>

<h3>5. The Art of Small Animations in Android with Jetpack Compose - <a href=https://medium.com/@rodrigomartind/the-art-of-small-animations-in-android-with-jetpack-compose-566caa94deba?source=tag_page---------4-85--------------------3b2137e6_99aa_491a_8384_c3cdcf695e1b-------17>link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Rodrigo Dominguez`** , <date>Jun 6</date>

<blockquote>Small details that make a difference for Users —  During the past few years, I have immersed myself in exploring and learning various animations in Android. Every day, I delve into creating and discovering new ways to bring interfaces to life in our applications. In this article, I want to share with you some of the small animations I…</blockquote>

