
<h1>App Development</h1>
<h3>1. Create a Credit Card view in .NET MAUI - <a href=https://medium.com/@tsjdevapps/create-a-credit-card-view-in-net-maui-df74c20f11e0?source=tag_page---------0-84--------------------ca72fadb_dbc2_43ee_84ba_c35da61717a3-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Sebastian Jensen`** , <date>1 day ago</date>

<blockquote>Based on an idea originally started for Xamarin by Steven Thewissen, MAUI UI July is a month-long, community-driven event where anyone gets to share some of their enthusiasm and passion for .NET MAUI. This is my contribution by showing how you can easily create a Credit Card view for your .NET MAUI application. —  Preparation In this blog post I will show you how you can easily create your own Credit Card view for your .NET MAUI application. Before we can open Visual Studio we need to download the Fontawesome Font, because we will use this font as icons for the different type of credit…</blockquote>

<h3>2. Fluttercon 2023. Notes. DAY 3 and overall expressions - <a href=https://medium.com/@oleksandr-tilnyi/fluttercon-2023-notes-day-3-and-overall-f9fbf147d3c9?source=tag_page---------1-84--------------------ca72fadb_dbc2_43ee_84ba_c35da61717a3-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Oleksandr Tilnyi`** , <date>17 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>Hello there! In this chapter of Fluttercon 2023 notes I want to underline both interesting topics and my overall impressions and benefits I’ve gained from it. This place accumulated many genius professionals, enthusiasts, and people who love the technology. In my opinion, it is great to have such events, which…</blockquote>

<h3>3. End-to-end CI/CD pipeline Setup with Azure DevOps for Mobile App: Branch Strategy and Release Pipeline—Part 4. - <a href=https://medium.com/@sandeeprajbhartechgeek/end-to-end-ci-cd-pipeline-setup-with-azure-devops-for-mobile-app-branch-strategy-and-release-c962b40ccf74?source=tag_page---------2-84--------------------ca72fadb_dbc2_43ee_84ba_c35da61717a3-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Sandeep Rajbhar`** , <date>7 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>In this article, we will set up a branching strategy with the help of a release pipeline to deploy the app to the app store and play store with multiple branches, schemes (for iOS), or flavors (for Android). Prerequisite You must have already gone through PART 1, PART 2 and…</blockquote>

<h3>4. Building a Responsive UI with React Native - <a href=https://medium.com/tulisankhusni/building-a-responsive-ui-with-react-native-70bbc9caf51e?source=tag_page---------3-84--------------------ca72fadb_dbc2_43ee_84ba_c35da61717a3-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `Khusni Ja'far`** , <date>16 hours ago</date>

<blockquote>React Native is an open-source framework developed by Facebook, and it is one of the top choices for mobile app developers who want to design a responsive and appealing UI. In an era where more and more people are using smartphones, it's essential to make applications function well on various…</blockquote>

<h3>5. Power Packs are entering the InfiniGods Universe (IGU) - <a href=https://medium.com/@PantherQB19/power-packs-are-entering-the-infinigods-universe-igu-492d9276898f?source=tag_page---------4-84--------------------ca72fadb_dbc2_43ee_84ba_c35da61717a3-------17 target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">link</a></h3>

✍️ **posted by `PantherQB19`** , <date>1 day ago</date>

<blockquote>A new framework and mechanic for players to acquire in-game assets through a gamified minting experience begins this Summer. What do ‘Power Packs’ contain? Power Packs contain ‘Power Cards’ that give players in-game boosts & rewards. In their first version, ‘Alpha Packs’ will contain 5 random Common Power Cards (consumable boosts) for our upcoming Tower…</blockquote>

